{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Posted by: Lucy Cole Lucy Cole Introduction Investoo Group is the largest lead generation company in the Forex, Cryptocurrency and Retail Investment industry. The group is backed by online technology leaders Kinetic Investments and Optimizer Invest. With a portfolio of 30 different websites across 8 different markets, Investoo Group have established themselves as the World's leading financial affiliate marketing company. Role We're looking for a passionate, pragmatic junior digital content editor who is very interested in the world of cryptocurrency and has an extremely keen eye for detail. You'll be helping the Senior Editor and you'll be responsible for making sure all our web content is up to scratch, feeding back changes to our large pool of external writers and content agencies. We take great pride in making sure our content is fantastic for our end-users, and the Content Editor role will be the gatekeeper to our content quality assurance. Working on big names in the cryptocurrency space, we'll need our editor to learn & keep up to date with the forefront of the cryptocurrency industry and make sure our content is flawless before being published. You'll be trained on our set, scalable content process, being an integral part of making things happen. If you're looking to join a fast-paced team of content superstars, then this is the role for you. Key Accountabilities Receiving drafts from our Content Coordinator or the Senior Content Editor, working through each piece and feeding back to our external writers to make amendments. Making edits to some sections of content if it makes sense to rewrite ourselves. Help with the briefing process, providing input to the content coordinator and Senior Content Editor on what our content briefs ought to contain. Stay on top of the cryptocurrency market, and understand blockchain technology, ICOs, forks & new technology releases. Provide some ad-hoc copywriting support to the wider business. Using Monday.com to work through your list of required content pieces and to update the system with your progress. Requirements: Possess exceptional literacy skills, with the ability to prioritise and meet deadlines. To be extremely detail-oriented, almost to a perfectionist level. Must be passionate about reading/writing, being able to write, edit and proofread web content for the cryptocurrency market. Know your hard forks from your soft forks - have a solid grasp on what cryptocurrency is. Benefits: You'll have the opportunity to work with a talented and friendly group of people who are driven to find new ways of working. We offer a place to grow and take ownership of your own work, think of it as starting your own little business! Your ideas are listened to, you're the expert of your field after all We're fast but relaxed, structured but flat and dynamic but focused We have a great work hard play hard culture, so expect lots of team socials Package ? dependent on experience 33 days holiday (inclusive of bank & public holidays) Company pension scheme EAP Service Medicash Free lunch Wednesdays Life Insurance ",
    "Url": "https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/junior-crypto-editor-at-investoo-group-1648476787?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Investoo Group hiring Junior Crypto Editor in London, GB | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
