{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Blockgram is currently recruiting multiple blockchain developers for one of our blockchain clients. You will be part of a fast-paced, dynamic team delivering stellar leadership in one of the world\u2019s fastest growing companies that will be raising capital soon via initial coin offering (ICO). The blockchain developers must be willing to work from the Montreal, Quebec, Canada office and must speak English. Role requirements: Generally, at the very least, 2 years of professional experience as a software engineer (bonus points if this was gained in either the blockchain or FinTech industries). A deep understanding of distributed ledgers, consensus methods, blockchains, and cryptocurrencies in general. Either expertise in or strong interest in learning how to develop scalable business applications using the RChain cooperative platform (https://www.rchain.coop/) Strong expertise in threat analytics, anomaly detection, and performance management. Strong understanding of algorithms, data structures, cryptography and data security, and decentralized technologies. Strong coding skills with at least one of the following languages: Go, C, C++, Java, Python. A good understanding of distributed storage, like RDBMS or NoSQL, for instance. At least some degree of experience creating blockchain frameworks and business applications. Soft skills such as time management, being a team player, and the ability to prioritize tasks. Be adaptable and flexible to changing needs If someone in your network has previous blockchain development experience, please share this with them! We are looking to fill these positions immediately. Ref #: 44427 [email\u00c2\u00a0protected] Skills Go, C, C++, Java, Python Compensation 85,000 Applications for this job are currently closed. ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/blockchain-developer-canada-mobile-app-blockchain-company-at-blockgram",
    "Title": "Blockchain Developer \u2013 Canada Mobile App Blockchain Company Job at Blockgram",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
