{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. At Facebook, we have established a new team exploring different ways to leverage blockchain technology to improve the lives of people around the world. It's a small, fast-growing, and talented group of people and our experienced leadership team comprised of some of the best professionals in their respective fields. The blockchain team is a startup within Facebook and we're exploring lots of areas of interest across all facets of blockchain technology. Product Managers work with teams of engineers, designers, data scientists, and user researchers to build products. We are looking for extremely entrepreneurial product managers to help innovate and execute product initiatives across the company. Responsibilities Lead the ideation, technical development, and launch of innovative products Establish shared vision across the company by building consensus on priorities leading to product execution Drive product development with a team of world-class engineers and designers Integrate usability studies, research and market analysis into product requirements to enhance user satisfaction Define and analyze metrics that inform the success of products Understand product's strategic and competitive position and deliver products that are recognized best in the industry Maximize efficiency in a constantly evolving environment where the process is fluid and creative solutions are the norm Minimum Qualification 5+ years of product management experience Demonstrated success defining and launching excellent products Team player: experience collaborating with cross-functional partners Excellent verbal and written communication skills Preferred Qualification Experience with financial services or customer support technologies and platforms BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field ",
    "Url": "https://il.linkedin.com/jobs/view/product-manager-calibra-blockchain-at-facebook-1670067875?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Facebook hiring Product Manager, Calibra (Blockchain) in Mishmar HaNegev, Southern, Israel | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
