{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": "Products expand_more Contracts A Solidity library of reusable and secure smart contracts SDK A suite of tools to compile, upgrade, and deploy smart contracts Security Audits Learn expand_more Docs Community Forum Ethernaut Company expand_more About us Jobs Github Blog Products Learn Community Forum Docs Ethernaut Company About us Jobs Github The standard for secure blockchain applications OpenZeppelin provides tools to write, deploy and operate decentralized applications. We also protect leading organizations by performing security audits on their systems and products. The world\u2019s leading projects trust OpenZeppelin The challenges of building decentralized applications Security Economies in which software powers real money are exposed to hacks and attacks. Developer Experience Lack of proper development and testing tools increases margin of errors exponentially. Operations It\u2019s difficult to manage and fix problems in decentralized systems once they're deployed. Your blueprint for decentralized systems Reduce barriers to entry by securely implementing blockchain-based technologies, using standard developer tools and platforms. A library of modular, reusable, secure smart contracts for the Ethereum network, written in Solidity. check Leverage standard, tested, and community-reviewed contracts. check Most popular library in the industry. check Learn from best practices adopted by the ecosystem. check Reduce your attack surface by reusing audited code. Visit Site Go to docs A suite of tools to help you develop, test, upgrade, and deploy smart contracts. check Interactive commands to accelerate local development. check Easy bug-fixing and quick iterations via smart contract upgrades. check Seamless integration with OpenZeppelin Contracts. check Multi-network support. check Compatible with Truffle. Visit Site Go to docs \u201cI have a very high opinion of the OpenZeppelin team and their work\u201d Brendan Eich | Founder of Mozilla and Brave, Javascript creator. In-depth security audits In an economy where software code powers real money, security is a top priority. We specialize in auditing in high-impact decentralized systems. Learn More Start building Check out our resources for beginner and experienced smart contracts and blockchain developers. Docs Learn everything you need to develop blockchain applications through a complete set of guides and tutorials. Forum Connect with experts, beginners and enthusiasts and discuss about blockchain development, security, design patterns and best practices. Ethernaut A Web3/Solidity based wargame played in Ethereum where each level is a smart contract that needs to be hacked. Products Contracts SDK Security Audits Learn Docs Community Forum Ethernaut Company About Us Jobs Github Blog Twitter Telegram Logo Kit \u00c2\u00a9 OpenZeppelin 2017-2019 Privacy Terms of Use",
    "Url": "https://openzeppelin.com/",
    "Title": "OpenZeppelin",
    "Site": "spider"
}
