{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": "Home Videos Privacy Policy Home Videos Privacy Policy Analyst (Intern) Luxembourg Europe Internship Posted Date 13 Jun 2020 Location Luxembourg Department Europe Function Information Technology Type Internship Positions 2 About bitFlyer: bitFlyer is the largest Bitcoin and blockchain company in Japan. We operate a virtual currency exchange and marketplace. We provide our customers with convenient and exciting ways to buy, sell and spend bitcoins. Our vision is to build a truly global Bitcoin and blockchain company to reflect the international nature of the virtual currency. Our mission is to make the world simpler through blockchain. bitFlyer was established in January 2014 in Tokyo. We have since established regional headquarters for the US in San Francisco and for the EU in Luxembourg. We are a fast-growing, dynamic and international team with a passion for virtual currency and blockchain technology. We have raised over 4.1 billion yen (~$36 million) in venture capital funding. Our platform has facilitated over $250 billion in bitcoin trades, 95% of which came in 2017. We are backed by world-class investors including SMBC Venture Capital, Mizuho Capital, Mitsubishi UFJ Capital, Dentsu Digital Holdings and SBI Investment. Role Description: You will be responsible for a wide range of tasks. These may include market research, business development support, operations management support as well as general administrative tasks. Projects and job descriptions are crafted based on specific students needs.\u00c2\u00a0 This is a unique opportunity to work for a leading player at the cutting edge of a fast-growth and revolutionary industry. You will be an instrumental part of this growth story. A familiarity and genuine interest in Bitcoin and blockchain technology is desirable. You must be able to live and work in Luxembourg. The internship is full-time for 3-6 months. There are opportunities to join the bitFlyer Europe team on a more permanent basis for the right candidate. Responsibilities will be crafted for specific person but typical projects and tasks include: Conducting market research on competitors, industry and customers. Content marketing, support marketing, offline marketing including events and meetups Work with management, Marketing, Business Development or Business Strategy teams on various projects that aim at accelerating customer growth across several channels and strategic planning of bitFlyer development Product testing and development\u00c2\u00a0 \u00c2\u00a0 \u00c2\u00a0 \u00c2\u00a0 \u00c2\u00a0\u00c2\u00a0 Administrative tasks Support other team members in a variety of activities Desired Skills and Experience: University qualification with excellent academics. One to two years\u2019 previous professional experience (start-up exposure preferred). Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to think creatively and find pragmatic solutions. A focus on generating results that will make a quantifiable difference to bitFlyer. Enthusiastic and tenacious about growing an online business. Ability to work effectively in team Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite Languages: Fluent in English (oral and written communication). Other European languages are desirable. Japanese Language is a plus. This internship is paid. Notable compensation to cover for costs is given.\u00c2\u00a0 Apply for this position Other Job Openings Performance Marketing Specialist (Leave Cover) Luxembourg Join our Talent Network! San Francisco Affiliate Marketing Specialist (Freelancer) Luxembourg Not finding the Job you are looking for? Subscribe for updates on upcoming job openings delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe Share Job Opening \u00c3\u0097Close Subscribe for Alerts Name Email Mobile \u00c2\u00a0 I hereby acknowledge that I have read and agree to the\u00c2\u00a0Privacy Policy Submit Cancel We hire with Jobsoid",
    "Url": "https://bitflyer.jobsoid.com/j/9833/analyst-intern?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "Title": "Analyst (Intern) - bitFlyer",
    "Site": "spider"
}
