{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Posted by: Venelin Dimitrov Venelin Dimitrov Operations Manager at Nexo - We are hiring! About Nexo Do you want to take part in the development of one of the most dynamic FinTech companies in the world, disrupt entire industries and redefine the very essence of how financial services are conducted? Nexo is providing the blockchain community with the ability to borrow & earn interest against their digital assets, rather than selling them. The team behind Nexo has been in the online lending automation and credit facilitation business for over 10 years, servicing millions of clients across Europe. We're world leaders in the Digital Asset Lending space and we intend to remain in that position. In order to do so, we\u2019re looking for professionals that would like to develop both themselves and the team around them while building a world-class product. We ar? looking for ? talented and hard-working professional to join our unrivalled team as a?Compliance Specialist. Key Responsibilities: Survey the compliance and AML/CTF framework for Nexo\u2019s business activity in multiple jurisdictions; Analyze digital assets transfers (including bitcoin, ether and security tokens) from compliance and AML/CTF perspective; Monitor activities in the field of wire transfers and participate in client reviews;? Support key regulatory projects, mainly related to digital assets; Optimize internal compliance and AML/CTF processes and guidelines; Carry out corporate onboarding; Address any general or ad-hoc compliance queries from members of Nexo\u2019s team; Work closely with and report to the Head of Legal, and the Managing Partners, when necessary, to better assess applicable requirements and to ensure that Nexo\u2019s business activity is carried out in full compliance therewith. ?Requirements: University degree in law, economics, finance or similar discipline; At least 2-year professional experience as a compliance specialist in the financial industry; experience in the field of digital assets/blockchain will be considered a strong advantage; Strong understanding of laws and regulations relevant to AML/CTF; CAMS or similar qualification will be considered a strong advantage; Proficiency in English; Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Ability to assess and mitigate regulatory risks; Advanced multi-tasking skills; Outstanding analytical, prioritizing, problem-solving and planning skills; Strong attention to detail and commitment to the delegated tasks and responsibilities; Ability to work effectively in a fluid, fast-paced and dynamic technological environment and meet deadlines; ability to work independently but within one strong team; Curiosity and a strong desire to learn, grow and be up-to-date with the trends and the best practices in digital assets, banking, FinTech, and RegTech;?knowledge of developments in the decentralized finance and related crypto ecosystems will be considered a strong advantage. We offer: Competitive remuneration; Flexible working conditions; Bonus options available in tokens; An opportunity to be part of life-changing financial innovation. ",
    "Url": "https://bg.linkedin.com/jobs/view/compliance-specialist-at-nexo-1673485302?refId=b2d128b8-99f6-4bcf-a976-26686f386ea7&position=6&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Nexo hiring Compliance Specialist in Sofia, Sofia City, Bulgaria | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
