{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " We are currently looking for an IT Project Manager to join our Group. As an IT Project Manager based in Dubai, you will be responsible for executing technology projects across the Group within cost, time and scope and to drive project direction and management with full ownership and responsibility as part of the IT PMO. Candidates with experience in largescale ERP implementation projects (Oracle Fusion / MS Dynamics 365 / SAP S4 HANA) or cloud based ERPs in large sized organisations experienced in Agile and Scrum practices are preferred. Principal Accountabilities: Project Management ??Defining tasks and required resources as per project scope, goals and deliverables ??Developing comprehensive project plans by applying project management techniques; tracking, change and risk management for multiple projects at a time. Budget ???????Leading project execution from inception to completion within agreed financial budget limits. ???????Closely monitoring actual project spend compared to budget. Schedule ???????Tracking key project milestones and closely monitoring actual progress as compared to agreed timelines. Communication ???????Communicating effectively and regularly to all stakeholders of project and the leadership team with regards to project progress, feedback, sign-offs, and anything that impacts the scope of the project. ???????Facilitating discussion, decision-making and consensus building to drive progress of project. ???????Providing regular status updates to all stakeholders. Stakeholder Management ???????Building and strengthening stakeholder relationships with day-to-day relationship management across different business units of the Group ???????Being the point of contact for IT projects. Risk Management ???????Liaising with all stakeholders and assessing all modules of project to identify potential risks in a timely manner and take corrective action. ???????Suggesting mitigation plans / risk management framework for the identified risks and threats. Reporting and Documentation ???????Maintaining detailed scheduled documentation to ensure reports and plans are accurate and complete based on the project management methodology. ???????Reporting of project status on a weekly basis to the leadership team. Education, Experience and Skills ????Bachelor\u2019s degree in Information Technology, Project Management, Business Administration or equivalent ????PMP, Prince 2 certified or experienced in Agile Project Management ????A minimum of 5 - 7 years of experience in IT project management (Software or hardware) Experience in managing several IT projects in the Middle East is essential Skills ??Ability to execute IT projects skillfully using agile / scrum methodology ??Ability to meet aggressive timelines and fulfill deliverables and ensure project success ??Excellent interaction skills with stakeholders with a problem-solving attitude ??Self-motivated with ability to assess developments and modify efforts as required to ensure continuous improvement. ??Ability to present reports to senior leadership along with problems and their solutions ??Proficiency in project management software tools ??Disciplined with solid organizational skills. ??Excellent written and spoken English communication. ??A valid UAE driving license? ",
    "Url": "https://ae.linkedin.com/jobs/view/it-project-manager-erp-at-al-ghurair-1704551057?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Al Ghurair hiring IT Project Manager - ERP in Dubai, United Arab Emirates | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
