{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "London, England, United Kingdom",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "UBS",
    "Body": " Job Reference # 208388BR City London Job Type Full Time Your role Do you enjoy consulting and leading digital transformation projects? Are you looking for a unique opportunity to drive UBS's accelerating digital transformation? Are you passionate about new technologies like: Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Automation, Advanced Analytics, Blockchain? We're looking for someone like this to: Lead, consult and implement digital transformation initiatives across all business functions considering the latest technological trends. Partner with senior management to build awareness, asses opportunities for new technologies and maximize value/impact of the function. Build trust and strong working relationships with Business and Technology stakeholders. Push forward the capabilities and performance of the team to strengthen and expand the service offering of the unit which align with the business needs for today and the future. Your team You will be working in the brand new Digital Practice unit based in London. We are a dynamic and diverse team of transformation professionals with focus on emerging technology transformation. This unit is part of the broader newly created Group Internal Consulting department. Our practice teams help UBS business functions implement their digital strategy and accomplish their ambitions in the areas of emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence (AI), Advanced Analytics , Cognitive Automation and Blockchain. The Digital Practice is at the intersection of business, technology and innovative thinking. We accompany functions across all businesses to build a sustainable transformation; combining the power of emerging technologies with a profound understanding of UBS businesses. The team works in in close collaboration with the different functions, business divisions and external parties to achieve its goals. Your expertise At least 2 years of consulting experience with a prominent or boutique consulting firm, maintaining a focus on project management in the area of digital transformation and new technologies. Strong analytical background, attention to detail along with structured organization and planning skills. Highly driven and motivated with a can-do attitude and eager to learn and to solve complex problems. A strong written and verbal communicator, able to adapt and network across a global organization to work well with the team and to present well to stakeholders. Knowledge and hands on working experience in one or more of the following areas: Artificial Intelligence, Advanced Analytics, Cognitive Automation, Blockchain. EFC-UBS About Us Expert advice. Wealth management. Investment banking. Asset management. Retail banking in Switzerland. And all the support functions. That's what we do. And we do it for private and institutional clients as well as corporations around the world. We are about 60,000 employees in all major financial centers, in more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us? Join us We're a truly global, collaborative and friendly group of people. Having a diverse, inclusive and respectful workplace is important to us. And we support your career development, internal mobility and work-life balance. If this sounds interesting, apply now. Disclaimer / Policy Statements UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce. ",
    "Url": "https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/internal-consultant-%E2%80%93-digital-practice-at-ubs-1709745097?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "UBS hiring Internal Consultant \u2013 Digital Practice in London, England, United Kingdom | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
