{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " O1ex is a trading advisory arm of global crypto asset management group having business across portfolio management, mining, crypto advisory and ICO investments. We closely work with our clients and build winning strategies to leverage trading opportunities in the highly volatile crypto asset market. As a part of our execution support, portfolio managers and accomplished traders work in sync to identify & invest in potential crypto asset classes, using automated-high speed trading algorithms and proprietary business Intelligence tools. The firm specializes in short-medium term positions in large-cap cryptocurrencies and major FX markets and is now seeking to bring on a number of talented individuals who have the motivation and passion to become professional traders. Our trading team includes experienced traders with extensive institutional experience at top tier banking institutions who manage the company\u2019s capital and help to train our juniors traders. About the role We are looking for level headed traders who can perform in a \u201cwork hard, play hard\u201d environment. Strong consideration would be given to experienced and seasonal Crypto traders. \u00c2\u00b7 Must be able to trade- Company\u2019s capital in crypto exchanges and be able to generate profits. \u00c2\u00b7 Must have solid execution skills and risk management. \u00c2\u00b7 Must be ambitious and be able to handle bigger amounts of capital over time. \u00c2\u00b7 Must be a keen learner with strong desire to keep improving. Experience Required Must have 0,5 to 1 year of work experience in the past (with proof of profitability) in trading in any exchange (crypto currency trading experience is preferred but not mandatory) \u00c2\u00b7 Must have solid execution skills and risk management \u00c2\u00b7 Must be ambitious and be able to handle bigger amounts of capital over time \u00c2\u00b7 Must be a keen learner with strong desire to keep improving . Upper-Intermediate / Advanced English lvl Why we are looking for a new traders? Due to the global situation of coronavirus ,unfortunately we were forced to downsize our experienced traders and recruit newcomers. What can we provide to traders who are just starting their way to the world of cryptocurrencies and who have no experience. If you do not have a 12-month profitable track record and pass the initial interview stages you will be required to attend our 6-week CPD certified Junior Trader Programme. It is an intensive CPD certified training programme for those serious about a trading career in financial markets, delivered by experienced traders and mentors. Those who pass the interview process will be invited to join our team with guaranteed starting capital $10,000 to trade. Those with at least a 12-month profitable track record can join our Trader Incubator programme with the potential of immediate funding. Remuneration Traders will be compensated on a basic salary in addition to the trading bonuses and will be expected to generate huge profits which makes it multiple to the basic salary. Limited positions available so please apply promptly. Skills Haasonline,tradingview,Jira,blockchain Compensation 4000 ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/intern-crypto-trader-at-o1ex",
    "Title": "Intern Crypto trader Job at O1ex",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
