{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Posted by: Ambrish Bansal Ambrish Bansal CEO at Klaspad PLC, making training and education more interactive and verifiable using blockchain Job description With Klaspad, you not only develop code but also ideas that are ground-breaking for our prestigious customers. Our projects are as varied and diverse as the industries in which we operate. Through our expert groups and technology partnerships, we offer open-minded thinkers and pioneers. An environment in which you can continuously grow and be creative. The Head of Software Development is responsible for all Klaspad PLC global product development workstreams, ensuring that the company can effectively develop and deploy new features and products to market whilst efficiently supporting its existing software and clients. The role involves overseeing all development activity, including customer specific feature development being rolled out as part of the ongoing release cycle, managing contention between resources on various workstreams and ensuring that product development plans enable consistent and high-quality product releases. ? Key Responsibilities: ???????Overseeing capacity planning, project scoping, requirements and estimates of new features. ???????Responsible for establishing continuous integration, improvements and helping to achieve continuous deployment. ???????Responsible for enhancing or transforming development process. ???????Responsible for delivering and developing quality assurance. ???????Responsible for documentation creation. ???????Responsible for delivering testing, and maintaining tests coverage as defined by QA. ???????Responsible for maintenance and handling of incidents and software bugs . ???????Coaching, support and development of the development managers and their teams. ? Qualifications: ???????Proven track record, minimum 12 years of success as a leader of software development teams, managing the Product Development lifecycle for enterprise software application products for external customers. ???????Excellent people management skills - including experience managing development teams across multiple locations ???????Experience working in a software house as head of development or similar senior role. ???????Experience (Minimum one year) of configurating Linux servers using Hyperledger with blockchain technologies is a must. ???????Experience of full stack software development in front-end and back-end technologies. ? ? ???????Experience of cloud server systems, AWS(EC2, ELB, VPC, S3, CloudFront, IAM, RDS, Route 53, CloudWatch and SES) and Azure. ???????Experience of GIT Repository Management alongside a large development team. ???????Experience of email servers configuration and troubleshooting. ???????Experience of UNITY frameworks and Augmented Reality APPS ???????Experience of monitoring Google Search Console. ???????Experience of websites enhancement for search BOTS. ???????Experience of coding and troubleshooting different types of CMS. ???????Strong knowledge of JavaScript Frameworks (NODE JS, Angular and Vue.JS). ???????Strong knowledge of advanced PHP, DART and .NET ???????Strong knowledge of NoSQL and SQL database \u2013 designing, server configuration, performance enhancement. ???????Strong knowledge of Python and Shell for Server Automation. ???????Strong knowledge of Mobile APP development. ???????Strong understanding of algorithms, data structures, cryptography and data security. ? ? No application will be accepted after the closing date 5th of Februray 2020 ? ",
    "Url": "https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/head-of-software-development-at-klaspad-plc-1632993178?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Klaspad Plc hiring Head Of Software Development in London | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
