{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. At Calibra, we have established a new team building blockchain technologies. It's a small, but talented group of people, who are passionate about changing the world. Our leadership is experienced and some of the best people working today in their respective fields. This is technically challenging, will have massive global impact, and you will get to work closely with smart folks on an intellectually challenging initiative. Our ultimate goal is to help billions of people with access to things they don't have now - that could be things like equitable financial services, it could be new ways to save, it could be new ways to share information. To do this, we need amazing marketers. This role means leading the team in building consumer/brand programs and campaigns that connect the community to our products via channels ranging from owned media (e.g. Facebook and Instagram), paid media (digital/online and traditional channels) and beyond, to social media, partnerships, IRL events, influencers, merchants, and more. It's a blend of strategy and creative, awesome execution and rigorous measurement. He or she will have a successful track record of launching and scaling mass-market brands and consumer products and services, some financial services to technology company experience may be useful. As well as having the opportunity to create a brand from inception to launch and beyond, you will define the expected outcomes for all consumer and brand programs and campaigns \u2014 making it clear what the expected impact will be on company metrics and ROI. She or he will be collaborative, ahead of the marketing curve and able to work efficiently with cross-functional partners from design to product leadership. Responsibilities Define priorities to ensure efficiencies across all initiatives to deliver to metrics and expected ROI Champion and build the company and product brand, to support the growing needs of the product portfolio and target audiences Build outstanding mobile-first creative campaigns with assets across the marketing mix to take our story to over 2.5 billion worldwide Demonstrate thought leadership in outbound marketing and advertising strategies and programs to drive awareness and adoption Understand and advocate for the needs of consumers in developed and emerging markets around the world Build a world-class brand marketing team to scale Lead all creative execution and manage all external agency/vendor relationships, including a small internal creative team Partner closely with brand insights and analytics centers of excellent to ensure data-driven decision making in all aspects of our outbound marketing activity Minimum Qualification 15+ years of brand experience and consumer marketing, including brand strategy and design, advertising and marketing campaign, digital and social asset development 10+ years of leadership and people management experience Knowledge in contract and budget management related to brand content and advertising Experience in creative agency management and creative campaign development (strategy through production) Knowledge of digital and mobile video technology landscape globally Experience working in fast-paced, changing and ambiguous environments Cross-functional management experience, including demonstrated experience being part of a leadership team Bachelors degree Preferred Qualification Fintech/financial services industry experience and/or global marketing experience MBA Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/head-of-brand-at-facebook-1743438903?refId=e7dafc72-dd40-4533-83c7-bb42893ff026&position=18&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Facebook hiring Head of Brand in New York, New York, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
