{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Director of Product Management, Platform Ripple - 3.4 San Francisco, CA Quick Apply Job Details Full-timeEstimated: $120,000 - $160,000 a year Benefits 401(k) Full Job Description At Ripple, we provide one frictionless experience to send money globally using the power of blockchain. By joining Ripple's growing global network, financial institutions can process their customers' payments anywhere in the world instantly, reliably and cost-effectively. This Director role is best suited for someone with a strong technical background, experience defining and shipping enterprise cloud infrastructure platform products at scale. You understand how to turn technical capabilities into extensible feature sets and know how to drive adoption of those features across an organization. In this role you will be responsible for: Identifying common infrastructure across Ripple products Developing phased approach for consolidating common infrastructure and services into a platform layer Managing RippleNet protocol and develop internal governance for managing it Developing product strategy and feature requirements for authentication, authorization, policy controls and information security Partnering closely with Ripple's policy and security teams in assessing commercial and regulatory requirements Defining platform SaaS strategies, specifically around data, reporting, analytics, and platform administration This person will bring strong leadership skills as they will need to collaborate heavily with cross-functional internal teams and the financial ecosystem of partners and customers. The role resides at Ripple's corporate headquarters in San Francisco and will report into the Vice President of Product Management. WHO WE ARE: We're one of the best-capitalized blockchain companies with a strong market validation, some of our global customers became investors in our last funding round. We're led by an experienced executive team and board that includes Co-founder and Executive Chairman Chris Larsen, former Morgan Stanley Co-President Zoe Cruz, and Gene Sperling who served as the National Economic Council Director and National Economic Advisor under Presidents Clinton and Obama. More than 100 financial institutions have joined our enterprise blockchain network - many of them are the biggest banks in the world. Ripple has global offices to serve those customers in San Francisco, New York, London, Luxembourg, Mumbai, Singapore and Sydney. WHO YOU ARE: 12+ years of overall experience (at least 5+ as a product manager) with top Internet, e-commerce, enterprise software and/or financial services companies Reputation for evangelizing and scaling awesome enterprise cloud products Experience partnering with engineering and DevOps Proven track record of leading and influencing a Product-driven organization Payments experience not required but a strong interest in blockchain and Ripple's mission is A low ego and a high drive to deliver WHAT WE OFFER: The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact Competitive salary and equity 100% paid medical and dental and 95% paid vision insurance for employees starting on your first day 401k (with match), fully paid parental leave, commuter benefits Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite programs Flexible vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it Employee giving match Modern office in San Francisco's Financial District Fully-stocked kitchen with organic snacks, beverages, and coffee drinks Weekly company meeting - ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team Team outings to sports games, happy hours, game nights and more! WHO WE ARE: Ripple provides one frictionless experience to send money globally using the power of blockchain. By joining Ripple's growing, global network (RippleNet), financial institutions can process their customers' payments anywhere in the world instantly, reliably and cost-effectively. Banks and payment providers can use the digital asset XRP to further reduce their costs and access new markets. With offices in San Francisco, New York, London, Mumbai, Singapore, S\u00c3\u00a3o Paulo, Reykjav\u00c3\u00adk, Washington D.C. and Dubai, Ripple has more than 300 customers around the world. Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We're committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual preference, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance. Please find our UK/EU applicant privacy notice here. ",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/et-5zBd_RAXauckFQMJLD2FvvkF_CsdqFcrym9sTh6jVps5ouGXg1g?q=ripple",
    "Title": "Director of Product Management, Platform - Ripple | San Francisco, CA",
    "Site": "simplyhired"
}
