{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Whoweare Cisco is transforming the network with our new product, The Network. Intuitive. What\u2019s that mean? Envision a network that can learn, adapt, detect threats before they happen and protect, just like the human brain. It works this way, because the unique human brains at Cisco innovated to make it happen! No other company has this technology because Cisco employees invented this technology. We\u2019re also dedicated to hiring a diverse group of people. Thus, we want to tell you up front that at first glance, we don\u2019t want to know anything about you outside of your skillset - you\u2019re you, it doesn't matter. What does matter is your passion for technology. Can you code and demonstrate your engineering knowledge? When you apply for this job we will send you a link to enable you to show us your coding skills. We\u2019ll engage with the best and brightest \u2013 and you\u2019ll be you, with us. #WeAreCisco. Who You\u2019ll work with This team impacts core technologies and solutions within a new line of products in Routing and Optical. We put customers first, making business contributions in the Service Provider, but we also contribute within Cisco, as a talented team of engineers that work like we\u2019re in a start-up. You\u2019ll be connecting with industry engineering leaders and be on a team sharing the success and innovation. Who you are You are an engineer who has a solid understanding of Computer Networking solutions with coding experience. You're inquisitive. You're eager to learn new technologies and you love working in a dynamic environment while solving customer problems with creative solutions. Roles and responsibilities WehavemultiplepositionsinSoftwaredevelopmentherearesomeoftheresponsibilities Participate with other specialists involved in the development of software for Cisco products Use your skill in software design, documentation and implementation Actively participate with project teams to build major software releases including but not limited to Designing and delivering software for Cisco products Influencing the design of interfaces between products to ensure interoperability Developing large portions of software independently and to scale Involve in software quality and sustenance for the software modules Skills TechnicalSkills We are looking for 4 - 8yrs Full stack Development experience on Java/J2EE and React JS ecosystem. Thorough understanding of Java/J2EE, Java8 +, React JS, Redux, Node Modules, Multithreading, Spring MVC, Springboot, JPA, Junits, Mocking Frameworks . Soft skills Pursuing problems of moderate scope involving multiple modules Self-motivated and enthusiastic Following established processes yet able to develop new processes Communication (written and verbal,) team and people skills to share information and work effectively with team members. Why Cisco #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything \u2013 people, process, data and things \u2013 and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From creating a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more \u2013 from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to make a difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don\u2019t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That\u2019s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! We Are Cisco #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here\u2019s how we do it. We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \u201cold\u201d (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do \u2013 you can\u2019t put us in a box! But \u201cDigital Transformation\u201d is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair? Don\u2019t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That\u2019s cool. ",
    "Url": "https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/full-stack-developer-front-end-back-end-developer-at-cisco-1734495318?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Cisco hiring Full Stack Developer- Front End /Back End developer in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
