{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " The Leading Global Digital Asset Exchange Platform About Us At Huobi, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build the best, better. Today, Huobi runs one of the world\u2019s largest Blockchain digital asset exchange platforms, the cumulative trading volume of Huobi Group amounted to US$1000 billion at end of 2018. Currently, we provide trading and investment services for more than 200 digital assets. Huobi Group invests heavily on its technological platform \u2013 product, security and risk management system, operations and customer service, characteristics that make Huobi Group one of the fastest and most secured exchange in the market today. Huobi Group consists of Huobi Global, Huobi OTC, Huobi Derivatives Market(HBDM), Huobi Korea, Huobi Japan, Huobi US, Huobi China, Huobi Wallet Digital Asset Management, Huobi Academy of Blockchain Application, Huobi Labs, Huobi Capital and Huobi Mining Pool. Our customers range from industry titans to businesses and budding entrepreneur investors. We\u2019re working to create a faster, more secure, and more reliable experience for anyone online and given the scale at which we operate, our mission is big. Our team is hard at work shaping the future of the digital exchange by solving some of its toughest challenges. Come join us. The Role: Institution Business Intern We are currently looking for an intern candidate to work in Institution Department. Location: Singapore/South East Asia; Responsibilities: \u2022 Fully support Sub-Market Institution Sales Business and KPI; Help the whole team to complete Business Target on time under the supervisor\u2019s guide; \u2022 Support and Coordinate Sub-market Institution Sales job by working on all necessary data analysis, information collection, potential client approach/cold call, offline event hosting; \u2022 Helping clients to solve all kinds of business, tech and trading problems, as assigned by the supervisor; \u2022 Perform any ad-hoc duties as assigned by the supervisor; Requirements: \u2022 Candidate must possess at least Degree in Business, Finance or equivalent; \u2022 Great Passion for Crypto and Digital Finance with good understanding of cryptocurrency assets; \u2022 Relevant internship experience in banks or financial institutions\u00ef\u00bc\u008cSales department is preferred; \u2022 Excellent verbal and written communication skills; the ability to call, connect and interact with potential customers; Good command of Mandarin is preferred; \u2022 Strong communication, ability to be flexible in a variety of situations, excellent relationship maintenance and sales skills, able to work under pressure; \u2022 Able to multitask, prioritize and manage time efficiently; \u2022 Must be self-motivated, responsible, proactive and work as team; \u2022 Able to start work immediately or on a short notice is preferred; \u2022 Intern with opportunity of conversion; \u2022 Singaporean and PR are welcome; What Makes Us Special We\u2019re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale blockchain digital asset exchange platform. We\u2019re a highly ambitious, large-scale blockchain digital asset exchange platform with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better and safer digital assets trading platform while protecting our clients with the fastest and most secured exchange in the market today. Huobi hires the best people based on an evaluation of their abilities and effectiveness. Skills Chinese/English language, Sales driven Compensation 1000-3000/month ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/institutional-sales-intern-at-huobi-global",
    "Title": "Institutional Sales (Intern) Job at Huobi Global",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
