{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": "Remote Woman Remote jobs at trusted companies Close Search for: Search Remote Jobs Marketing Design Developer Product Sales Support Success Stories Community Podcast Post Jobs Menu Engineering Manager \u2013 Distribution Full Time Anywhere Posted 1 month ago This position has been filled Sourcegraph Overview We are looking for an experienced engineering leader to manage the team that is responsible for making Sourcegraph easy to deploy, scale, monitor, and debug. You will help the team solve challenging problems that our customers face when they deploy and scale Sourcegraph on-premise in a variety of environments, and that we face when we deploy and scale Sourcegraph.com (the largest Sourcegraph installation in the world). Read the distribution team handbook documentation to learn more. Qualifications Update-to-date technical knowledge of relevant technologies like Go, Kubernetes, and Docker. Track record of recruiting, developing, and retaining top engineering talent. Excellent communication skills, especially in writing. Minimum 2 years of experience as an engineering manager. Minimum 2 years of experience as a software engineer. Nice-to-haves Experience leading infrastructure teams in particular. A network of excellent software engineers who would be interested to work with you again at Sourcegraph. Published blog posts and/or tech talks about your work. Learn more about us Sourcegraph is an equal opportunity workplace; we welcome people from all backgrounds and communities. To create a product that serves the needs of all developers, we are building a diverse all-remote team that is distributed across the world. We provide competitive compensation and practical benefits to keep you happy and healthy so that you can do your best work. Learn more about what it is like to work at Sourcegraph by reading our handbook. Interview process You apply here. We schedule a call with our VP of Engineering to learn more about you and answer any questions that you have about Sourcegraph. We schedule multiple remote interviews to determine if you would be a good fit for our team. We check your references. We make you a job offer. We want to ensure Sourcegraph is an environment that suits your working style and empowers you to do your best work, so we are eager to answer any questions that you have about us at any point in the interview process. More Jobs Website Twitter Or view all jobs: Developer jobs Marketing jobs Product jobs Design jobs Sales jobs Support jobs & learn about: remote work Related Jobs Content Editor Aha! The world\u2019s #1 roadmap software Anywhere Full Time Posted 2 months ago Senior Software Engineer, Terraform Federal Hashicorp HashiCorp delivers consistent workflows to provision, secure, connect, and run any infrastructure for any application. Anywhere Full Time Posted 2 months ago Cloud \u2013 Director of Product Management, Saas Elastic Get Started in the Cloud. Anywhere Full Time Posted 2 months ago MAIN Podcast Community Post a job Remote Work Virtual Wedding Instagram Twitter Login REMOTE JOBS Developer jobs Marketing jobs Product jobs Design jobs Sales jobs Support jobs JOBS IN YOUR CITY Los Angeles jobs New York City jobs San Francisco jobs Chicago jobs Seattle jobs Austin jobs London jobs Paris jobs Berlin jobs POST YOUR JOBS Post a job We\u2019ve helped the world\u2019s top companies hire a talented, diverse pool of job candidates \u2013 view our success stories here. Terms & Privacy Policy & hello@remotewoman.com @ 2020 RemoteWoman \u2014 All Rights Reserved My account Post a job Back to Top Marketing Developer Design Product Sales Support",
    "Url": "https://remotewoman.com/job/engineering-manager-distribution-3/",
    "Title": "Engineering Manager \u2013 Distribution \u2013 Remote Woman",
    "Site": "remotewoman"
}
