{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Job overview: The APAC Finance Director primary responsibility for the managing and running of all the finance, accounting, FP&A and tax related matters of SoftBank Robotics Singapore Pte.Ltd.,, a wholly owned subsidiary of Softbank Robotics Group Corp. and a newly established regional headquarter which manages 3 affiliates located in Korea, Australia, and China (including Hong Kong) inside APAC area.? Report to APAC COO based in Singapore and dotted line to group CFO based in Japan. Since SoftBank Robotics Singapore is operating with a concise team and currently have no plan to hire a FP&A specialist staff, this role is required to handle FP&A tasks at very hands-on level and keep close communication with FP&A team in Japan Headquarter to ensure compliance and group consistence. Job responsibilities: Supervise APAC finance and accounting team members in the facilitation of day-to-day operations, including tracking financial data, invoicing, payroll, etc.; Handle FP&A related tasks including but not limited to budget control and business scheme analysis for APAC regions; Prepare managerial accounting reports on a monthly and annual basis of APAC consolidated base reporting to leadership team; Lead yearly/quarterly budget process and monthly planning process for APAC regions; Supervise all APAC regions\u2019 monthly / quarterly / yearly close process to ensure accurate financial; Drive and monitor key finance areas including forecasting and planning, controlling, AP and expenses, AR and collections, and create and maintain relationships with service providers and contractors, including banking institutions and accountants; Build and maintain that all the company's financial practices are in line in statutory regulations, legislation and group policies; Establish and maintain internal controls to support the financial infrastructure; continually develop, expand and improve finance/accounting procedures for all areas of operations; Corporate with legal, HR and other teams to ensure the company is compliant with regulatory requirements;? Analyze the financial climate and market trends to assist senior executives in creating strategic plans;? Lead management reporting activities for APAC regions, including KPI\u2019s, dashboards, business trends and performance vs. plan/forecast; Develop, implement, and maintain an effective planning and analysis capability that will provide leadership with appropriate analytical tools to establish goals and measure performance of the company\u2019s businesses. Lead the audit process and have good communication with auditor assigned by headquarter; Lead the process of tax audit (if any) and prepare local file; Take responsibility to install ERP and accounting system. Job requirements: 10+ years of finance, accounting, tax and FP&A experience;? Working experience in multinational company or start-up company; Proven experience as director of finance or similar role; In-depth knowledge of corporate finance and accounting principles, laws and best practices; Excellent organizational and leadership skills; Outstanding communication and interpersonal abilities; BSc/BA in accounting, finance or relevant field; MSc/MA is a plus; CPA, CMA or other relevant qualification is a plus; Solid knowledge of financial analysis and forecasting; Proficient in the use of MS Office and financial management software (e.g. SAP); Hands-on experience in designing and implementing solutions and processes from the ground up to ensure financial efficiency; Strong problem solving, data crunching, reporting and financial modeling skills. Ability to effectively articulate and communicate analysis and influence business partner\u2019s decisions; Ability to handle multi-task and execute upon key deliverables under tight timelines.? Good communication with management team and other stakeholders. ",
    "Url": "https://sg.linkedin.com/jobs/view/apac-finance-director-at-softbank-robotics-asia-pacific-1664076283?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "SoftBank Robotics Asia Pacific hiring APAC Finance Director in Singapore, Singapore | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
