{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": "Latest Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Jobs Your description Trade Analyst at Dsdaq * Share daily analysis, trading signals and insights in Telegram group * Conduct analysis content a... Chief Tokenization Officer at aeternity blockchain Founded in 2016, \u00c3\u00a6ternity blockchain is an Erlang-based scalable smart contract platform engineered ... Senior Erlang developer at aeternity blockchain Founded in 2016, \u00c3\u00a6ternity blockchain is an Erlang-based scalable smart contract platform engineered ... Marketer / IEO expert at Indra Crypto Capital We are a cryptocurrency startup based in India. We're currently building an exchange, IndraX, and a ... Technical Marketing Writer at \u00c3\u00a6ternity blockchain Founded in 2016, \u00c3\u00a6ternity blockchain is an -based scalable smart contract platform engineered by so... Head of Design [Remote] at Bitfinex Who We Are Bitfinex is renowned for innovation, building first to market products that pave the w... Journalist / Writer at BeInCrypto We are looking for a news writer (remote) for our global cryptocurrency news portal BeInCrypto.com, ... Content Writing Intern (College Credit Only) - at Homebloc Homebloc Introduction: Homebloc offers the most innovative solutions for the lodging and real est... Marketing Promoter at Dsdaq Dsdaq is a cool trading app that has the worlds' first crypto collateral trading function, to let yo... ICO STO researcher at D-CORE We are looking for Blockchain and Cryptocurrency enthusiasts with an interest in the new startups of... Technical Product Manager at Aeternity Blockchain Founded in 2016, \u00c3\u00a6ternity blockchain is an Erlang-based scalable smart contract platform engineered ... Outreach Lead at aeternity blockchain Founded in 2016, \u00c3\u00a6ternity blockchain is an Erlang-based scalable smart contract platform engineered ... Product UX Designer at Coincover MUST BE UK BASED We\u2019re looking for a passionate and entrepreneurial problem-solver, with experien... Chief Financial Officer at aeternity blockchain Founded in 2016, \u00c3\u00a6ternity blockchain is an Erlang-based scalable smart contract platform engineered ... Partnerships Manager at BeInCrypto Want to work for BeInCrypto, the only truly independent, transparent, and sponsor-free blockchain an... Director of Sales &amp; Business Development at QNT Holdings Ltd Quanta (https://www.quanta.im/) is an innovative blockchain-oriented company, utilizing smart contra... Junior Marketing Manager at Elite Recruitment International This international FinTech company has identified a gap in the prepaid card market for the next gene... Marketing Manager at Elite Recruitment International This international FinTech company has identified a gap in the prepaid card market for the next gene... UX Design at BeInCrypto We are looking for a UX Designer to redesign our website. You will combine interfaces and workflows ... Telegram Group Moderator/Community Admin at Fesschain Job Responsibility : -Help new users use the platform. -Native or Fluent English -Respond to us...",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/rss",
    "Title": "Latest Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Jobs",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
