{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Position: Innovation Lead Band: 6 Salary: ?59,119-?71,183 (National) ?60,149-?71,407 (London) Location: London/Liverpool (with frequent travel expected between both) Term: 12m FTA CCS is the largest buyer of energy outside of the energy industry itself. It has been at the forefront of transforming the public sectors approach to energy procurement and has achieved significant commercial benefits for central government and the wider public sector through its management of flexible, aggregated, risk managed approach. ? Market conditions, industry innovation, and government policy have now aligned to provide CCS with the opportunity to leverage its position, portfolio size, and market expertise to deliver the next stage of commercial transformation. ? ? ? This critical role brings together all strands of the Commodities & Innovation team and the wider Buildings Pillar (notably Energy and Construction categories) to lead, develop, and implement disruptive strategies in managing market exposure and help the government achieve carbon neutrality. The key objectives being: ? ? ? ? ? Create multiple medium and longer term aggregated hedging solutions for central government and wider public sector portfolios to help lower price, reduce budget volatility and diversify energy supply ? ? ? ? Create hedging strategies aligned to government policies of decarbonisation (net-zero), security of supply, and stimulating economic growth ? ? ? ? Maximising revenue from existing energy producing assets through innovative market products ? ? ? ? Identify opportunities for energy retail market innovation (i.e. CCS as a licensed supplier, trading peer-to-peer) ? ? ? ? Identify transferable forward market management opportunities within the wider commodity complex (e.g. fuels, steel, oil, rubber) ? ? ? ? Influence at Commercial Director and Ministerial level to secure buy-in. ? ? Key Accountabilities: ? ? ? ? ? Assess opportunities for innovation, prioritise and coordinate implementation ? ? ? ? Accountable for the diversification of the energy portfolio to de-risk positions and maximise opportunities ? ? ? ? Integrate new developing technologies into existing solutions (such as Blockchain, Peer-to-Peer, and others within AI and Machine Learning arena\u2019s, etc.) ? ? ? ? Engagement with renewable industry to understand and develop pipeline ? ? ? ? Develop medium and longer-term hedging strategies for central government and other portfolio customers ? ? ? ? Work with MoD and other stakeholders to develop common future fuels hedging approach and potential Fund model ? ? ? ? Assess and select complex financial structures (i.e. CfD\u2019s, Indexation options, fixed price / fixed term) which have the right balance of risk and profile for the portfolio. ? ? ? ? Work with Commercial Directors and other senior stakeholders across (for example) BEIS, HMT, and Cabinet Office to ensure policy, legislative, and economic considerations are captured and implemented. ? ? ? ? Influence stakeholder Commercial Directors across the GCO to achieve buy-in / longer-term commitment and influence stakeholders at every level of government (including Ministers) ? ? ? ? Develop pipeline of energy generation assets from across the public sector estate to create opportunities for traders, export and peer-to-peer opportunities ? ? ? ? Ownership of team performance and development, harnessing and developing the potential of individuals and building a cohesive and strong team culture across CCS ? ? ? ? Develop innovative approaches to reduce dependency on performance of energy supply industry. This may include CCS becoming a supplier itself. ? ? ? ? Work with stakeholders across government to review opportunities for other commodity areas such as steel and oil. ? ? Essential Criteria: ? ? ? ? ? 5+ years deep commodity and/or financial market experience ? ? ? ? Good grasp of the applicable regulatory and compliance requirements, a good understanding of energy Trading and Risk Management principles, and leading-edge market knowledge related to the role. ? ? ? ? Experience of leading high profile and/or complex projects and/or procurements ? ? ? ? Effective at team leadership, able to shape, lead and coach a team to deliver high performance and engagement, as well as being adept and experienced in direction setting, mobilising resources and implementing programmes of change that result in clear and positive outcomes. ? ? ? ? Gravitas and stature as a leader and as a specialist, being credible at Board level and with Ministers and personally engaging across all level of customers. ",
    "Url": "https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/innovation-lead-at-crown-commercial-service-1659252139?refId=8bbbe664-2e4e-4d98-ad06-68e224772c17&position=25&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Crown Commercial Service hiring Innovation Lead in Liverpool, England, United Kingdom | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
