{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Introduction As a Business Sales & Delivery Executive, you will support IBM\u2019s consistent growth by bringing to the table your business development, sales, account management, and delivery skills. Picture yourself working with a highly motivated, highly successful team with a proven sales record in IBM\u2019s top technologies. If you\u2019re ready to bring insights and experience in areas such as IoT, Blockchain and digital transformation, we are ready to offer you a best in class career development. Your Role and Responsibilities As an Associate Partner in our Blockchain Practice for the Great China market, you will take a leading role within an interdisciplinary, highly motivated and growing team of Industry Consultants, business transformation architects, blockchain experts and solution architects. You will take responsibility for providing industry insight and technical subject matter expertise around blockchain enabled business and technical strategy, network design, governance, operating model transformation and delivery. You will work with clients to support them to join and realise differentiated value from existing business networks and in co-creating, market testing and founding new business networks You will have client credibility via deep industry, technology and consulting expertise. Through your experience to date you will have gained expertise that would make you the go-to person for particular topics enabled by blockchain - e.g. cross-industry standardisation, asset management, trading, sustainability and will lead and grow our blockchain presence across Industrial sector. We recognise that blockchain is still a new capability so we are open to candidates with allied experience, a passion for blockchain and a \"growth\" mindset who can demonstrate a real track record of innovative technology-driven transformation with clients. No two assignments will be the same and you will typically be involved from shaping an initial client opportunity through to sales and providing technical leadership in delivery and thought leadership around emerging technologies and concepts that relate to business enabled Required Technical and Professional Expertise You will have client credibility via deep industry, technology and consulting expertise. Through your experience to date you will have gained expertise that would make you the go-to person for particular topics enabled by blockchain - e.g. cross-industry standardisation, asset management, trading, sustainability and will lead and grow our blockchain presence across Industrial sector. Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise You will have client credibility via deep industry, technology and consulting expertise. Through your experience to date you will have gained expertise that would make you the go-to person for particular topics enabled by blockchain - e.g. cross-industry standardisation, asset management, trading, sustainability and will lead and grow our blockchain presence across Industrial sector. About Business Unit IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ",
    "Url": "https://cn.linkedin.com/jobs/view/associate-partner-blockchain-at-ibm-1646127480?refId=dec12168-24df-4ae1-b236-4de47bbe9f7f&position=14&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "IBM hiring Associate Partner _Blockchain in Shanghai, CN | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
