{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Job duties and responsibilities: Do you know the difference between Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash? Do you understand the ins and outs of Bitcoin shorting? How about the reasons why hardware wallets are better than hot wallets? We\u2019re looking for a Cryptocurrency Content Writer who likes keeping track of major crypto updates occurring both locally and internationally. Your job will be to pitch and write news posts, articles, PRs and/or reviews based on significant moments whilst following important trends within the digital currency scene. So, if you consider yourself somewhat of a crypto geek, this job is certainly for you! As a Crypto Content Writer, you will follow current trends and updates within the financial world; topics include but aren\u2019t limited to: - specific fees charged by crypto exchanges/platforms - newly launched features on an exchange/wallet/ CFD platform - compliance updates - competitors\u2019 analysis - hacks/security breaches - jurisdictions restrictions - significant/upcoming events Apart from writing intriguing news stories, you may also be asked to contribute features and sharing ideas to improve website content. Additional tasks may include uploading content on our site. Requirements: - A keen interest in the cryptocurrency world, following all the latest trends and anything which you feel is clickbait worthy. - The ability to explain trading strategies, definitions and other technical concepts in an easily digestible manner. - The skill to analyse the appropriate text and decide what target audience it is best suited for (whether a curious amateur or beginner/intermediate/advanced trader), whilst coming up with unique ideas for writing content. - Adaptability \u2013 able to write about a variety of topics, including occasional stories about one-off events and/or updates which are very time-specific. The ideal candidate would be a university graduate or someone with 1-2 years\u2019 experience in writing about Crypto or anything related to the financial sector. Moreover, s/he needs to: - Deliver high-quality content on time, all the time. - Provide detailed news and engaging articles, but also react quickly to ensure content is published when it\u2019s still relevant. - Look up trends and changes in the crypto landscape and be able to quickly convert research into relevant posts. - Collaborate with the Content Editor to ensure the relevant content and tone of voice is delivered in line with the editorial strategy. - Act independently on writing tasks. - Be willing to work nights and weekends, especially during big major events. - Possess a compelling writing style. - Stick to stipulated deadlines. -Be a planner, who\u2019s willing to focus on what\u2019s ahead and prioritize. - Have native proficiency in English Desirable: - WordPress Proficiency - Some knowledge of SEO and social media tools - Basic Photoshop skills will be considered an asset - Knowledge of cryptocurrency exchanges, wallets and trading platforms Skills Native Proficiency in English Compensation Negotiable ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/freelance-writer-at-raketech-ltd",
    "Title": "Freelance Writer Job at Raketech Ltd.",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
