{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team and ensure the best experience possible for our customers using the Blockchain Exchange. Reporting to the Customer Success Lead, you will provide powerful data and insights to help track performance and document conversions based on customer interactions. Due to the 24 hour nature of our customer contact, you will be expected to work some evenings and weekends. What You Will Do Breakdown trends around customer contact, reasons for contact and peak contact times. Track team performance and provide impactful reporting to help the CS lead manage performance within the team. Identify key geographies for contact, products that drive contact and other customer identifiers that the CS team could find helpful. Build and maintain powerful dashboards and customer reports that provide data in real time and on agreed schedules (Hourly,Daily,Weekly,Monthly,Yearly etc) Carry out quality assurance on the CS teams Live Chats, Tickets and Emails to customers. Offering fair and constructive feedback. Keep track of CS teams overall performance and improvement over time using an agreed template and scoring system across all verticals. Escalate any QA or performance concerns to the vertical lead as appropriate. Take ownership of overseeing QA for Wallet, Exchange and KYC. Help to ensure the way we QA remains current and fair at all times, working on improvement ideas and engaging stakeholders as required. Assist vertical leads with training new starters. What You Will Need The foremost quality for this position or any position at Blockchain is integrity. An analytical mind is critical for this position. You must have strong reporting and g-suite skills for this position to be a success. An understanding of all Blockchain.com products, or the ability to learn at speed. Great communication, you will be coaching diverse teams of people and must be able to positively impact the way they receive your message. Must be able to work in a fast-paced, diverse work environment with great follow through on tasks. Flexibility on working hours and days as/when needed. Ability to handle pressure, react to short notice change requests and hit tight deadlines Fluent English. Other business functional languages are highly desirable, especially Russian & Lithuanian. Compensation & Perks Amazing and accessible office location in Vilnius/London Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it. Access to training and other resources as needed. Catered team lunch every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Full-time salary based on experience. Application Favorite GIF. LinkedIn profile. Link to personal website and/or blog (if applicable). ",
    "Url": "https://lt.linkedin.com/jobs/view/quality-assurance-associate-at-blockchain-com-1743423075?refId=4c2769ef-097e-4926-8422-4f7dc0c3e11a&position=1&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Blockchain.com hiring Quality Assurance Associate in Lithuania | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
