{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for a Product Designer to join our growing team that is distributed globally What You Will Do Build and grow an industry-leading brand, working collaboratively with other designers as well as bringing your own innovative designs to life. Partner with engineering, product, strategy, and others to define and drive product strategy. Work across all facets of design: research, wireframing, visual design, interaction design, and prototyping. Design the best experience for our millions of users. Understand the technical limitations and liberties behind decisions and have the skill to communicate rational design decisions to major stakeholders. Understand the nuances of designing for web and mobile (iOS/Android) Make rational design decisions that can be clearly articulated. Refine your work through rigorous iteration. What You Will Need The foremost quality for this or any position at Blockchain.com is integrity. Designed and shipped web products or apps, or have gone through multiple release cycles on a larger project. Belief in craftsmanship and create elegant and compelling designs. The details matter to you, and you do not stop until your designs are pixel perfect. You pride yourself on delivering simple solutions to complex problems. You know that a highly refined aesthetic feel requires research and multiple iterations. As part of that, you're able to accept feedback and make rational decisions. You work independently, reliably and collaboratively. You want to work on a world-class team and extend a top notch brand that touches millions of users. Compensation And Perks Amazing and accessible office locations in the heart of San Francisco or London. Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it. Mouth watering team lunch every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Apple Equipment. London Benefits: Private Medical Insurance (BUPA), Dental, Pension, Life, Short Term & Long Term Disability. San Francisco Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, Flexible Spending Account, Commuter, Life, Short Term & Long Term Disability. Application Resume and/or LinkedIn profile. A portfolio you're proud of??, in the form of a website and/or pdf. Most importantly, a GIF you really like. ",
    "Url": "https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/product-designer-at-blockchain-com-1563674751?refId=104bc479-3791-4bb7-8836-a6535ee94642",
    "Title": "Blockchain.com hiring Product Designer in London, England, United Kingdom | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
