{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Job Description Our Community Team Is Expanding! Due to rapid growth, we are looking for enthusiastic individuals looking to join a leading VC, helping high quality portfolio projects that we are currently assisting, with community support via Telegram. Community Administrator The crypto space tends to move fast. Its investor audience expects questions to be answered at similar speed by Community Administrators. Investors perform due diligence profoundly and engage with Community Administrators to have critical questions answered. Public image of a project stands or falls by the responsiveness of its Community Administrators. The longevity and success of a project is ensured by the strength of its community support. The Community Administrator; Is the face of Ledger Capital and its upcoming projects. He/She embodies its vision and professionalism, goes the extra for community members and investors, keeps a positive attitude at all times, and keeps disputes in public channels to a minimum (ideally settled via a private channel). Shall implement the Ledger Capital\u2019s Online Community Moderation Strategy. Shall Monitor and moderate user-generated content to ensure that the online community is maintained as a safe and user-friendly environment. Shall ensure a safe and legal community environment, promotion excellent customer service and help to cultivate a strong community around the project. Shall coordinate with the internal Community Management Team. Shall moderate communities located in social networking sites including Telegram, Twitter, Reddit, and other similar social media outlets, adapting methodology where appropriate. He/She will also disincentive the organizing of unofficial community channels. Shall regularly feedback insights gained from community moderation into the Community Management Team. Shall be flexible on working times when needed (especially during critical phases of a project). Shall be prepared to work weekends. Please note: If accepted you will be added to our roster and put onto projects when Ledger Capital assists with these. You will be only be paid during the times you\u2019re actively working on projects. Please make sure to include your Telegram @ in the application. Skills Community Support, Telegram, Customer Service, ICO Knowledge Compensation Competitive Applications for this job are currently closed. ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/community-administrator-at-ledger-capital",
    "Title": "Community Administrator Job at Ledger Capital",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
