{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " YouthBuild Newark and the Newark Opportunity Youth Network (OYN), seeks an experienced part-time financial controller to oversee aspects of financial management, including corporate accounting, regulatory and financial reporting, audit coordination, budget support & analysis, as well as maintenance of internal control policies and procedures. OYN is a citywide, community-based strategy to improve life outcomes for the over-aged (16-24), under-credited (2 or more years off-track for a high school diploma) and drop-out populations in Newark, NJ. This structured approach is based on a set of core beliefs that drive common model activities through a diverse program portfolio, including district schools, charter schools, and community-based programs. OYN believes that the implementation of a common program model, research-based and proven, best facilitates collaboration, ensures quality, and enables scale. It also supports comprehensive, integrated data-tracking across the network that fuels program improvement and informs effective advocacy. Ultimately, this aligned, collective approach will lead to better policy and increased resources for OY and an improved city community for all. JOB GOAL: Reporting to the Executive Director of Finance and Operations (EDF) the Controller will be responsible for oversight of accounting and reporting activities. The Controller will be responsible for supporting and/or reporting financial presentations to the board and finance committee and will work closely with the EDF and CEO leadership team. Opportunity Youth Network is currently comprised of two 501(c)(3) organizations that have independent boards and require independent and consolidated financial reports.? The Controller will lead all tactical finance operations of a combined budget of $9 million and supervise a team of four (4) administrative support staff members including functional responsibility over accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, and grants administration. The Controller will collaborate with the senior leadership team to ensure that The Newark Opportunity Youth Network (OYN) has the systems and procedures in place to support effective program implementation and conduct flawless audits. The Controller will work closely with members of executive team, program leaders and their staffs, to inform them of finance and accounting procedures and to explore how the accounting function can better support program operations. ? PERFORMANCE RESPONSIBILITIES: Oversee all accounts, ledgers, and reporting systems ensuring compliance with appropriate GAAP standards and regulatory requirements. Maintain internal control and safeguards for receipt of revenue, costs, and program budgets and actual expenditures. Coordinate all audit activity. Consistently analyze financial data and present financial reports in an accurate and timely manner; clearly communicate monthly, quarterly, and annual financial statements; monitor progress and changes and keep senior leadership abreast of OYN\u2019s financial status. Assist OYN leadership in the annual budgeting and planning process; administer and review all financial plans and compare to actual results with a view to identify, explain, and correct variances as appropriate. Support the senior leadership team in engaging the board\u2019s audit and finance committees around issues and trends in financial operating models and delivery. Oversee all financial, project/program and grants accounting; ensure that expenditures are consistently aligned with grant and program budgets throughout the grant/fund period; collate financial reporting materials for government, corporate, and foundation grants. Manage organizational cash flow forecasting by working in partnership with the program vice presidents; continuously collaborate with program vice presidents to assess the financial efficacy of program operations and establish finance and administrative systems to support program operations. Manage and track the performance of invested assets in keeping with policies and investment guidelines. Operations Leadership Leverage strengths of the current finance team members, help to clarify roles and responsibilities and identify training programs in order to maximize and reach optimal individual and organizational goals. Provide leadership in strengthening internal communications with staff at all levels throughout the organization; create and promote a positive and supportive work environment. Lead weekly, monthly, and quarterly finance meetings with the accounting team, program leaders, and executive team. ? QUALIFICATIONS: This is an extraordinary opportunity for a mature leader of nonprofit accounting and finance experience, ideally beginning in accounting and audit, followed by experience gathering, evaluating, presenting and reporting financial information to executive teams and external stakeholders. S/he will ideally have experience in a complex nonprofit that has multiple programs. Other qualifications include: Master\u2019s degree required; CPA and/or MBA preferred. Personal qualities of integrity, credibility, and unwavering commitment to OYN\u2019s mission; a proactive, hands-on strategic thinker who will own, in partnership with the C, the responsibility for finance and accounting. Experience in Fund EZ accounting system software. Solid experience coordinating audit activities and managing reporting, budget development and analysis, accounts payable and receivable, general ledger, payroll, and accounting for investments. A track record in grants management as it relates to compliance and reporting of government, corporate and foundation grants is essential. Technology savvy with experience selecting and overseeing software installations and managing relationships with software vendors; advanced knowledge of accounting and reporting software. Commitment to recruiting, mentoring, training, and retaining a diverse team; the foresight and ability to delegate accordingly. Keen analytic, organization and problem-solving skills, which allow for strategic data interpretation versus simple reporting. Strong interpersonal, communication and writing skills; experience in effectively communicating key data, including presentations to senior management, board or other outside partners. Ability and desire to translate complex financial concepts to individuals at all levels including finance and non-finance managers. ? TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT Part-time employee. Fifteen hours per week. Benefits not included.? ? EVALUATION Performance of this job will be evaluated annually in accordance with the board's policy on evaluation. ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/controller-at-newark-opportunity-youth-network-1739409091?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Newark Opportunity Youth Network hiring Controller in Newark, New Jersey, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
