{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Posted by: Tom Lau Tom Lau Director of Talent Acquisition at CRYPTO.com - Blockchain / Fintect / Startup Company: Crypto.com is redefining how money is being moved, spent and invested. Crypto.com is democratizing blockchain technology by designing beautiful, simple and useful financial services that have a lasting, positive impact on people\u2019s lives. This position is under Global Community Management, working independently in your current location with directions from the Global Community Manager and the General Manager in Europe. Proven experience in participating and/ or building local crypto communities and a track record of successful local crypto experience are required. Crypto.com is looking for a Community Manager or Specialist who has experience with local European community management, PR strategy. The role will involve social engagements within the crypto community, as well as with local businesses, PR / marketing outlets, KOLs, institutional traders, financial services providers, regulators and government. Any official relationships with regulators and government will also be fully supported by the General Manager, Europe. Responsibilities: Manage and maintain Crypto.com\u2019s local profile and image; Maintaining relationship with media and PR outlets and managing local communication / marketing and PR announcements; Manage and coordinate local media events and interviews with key Crypto.com representatives to increase positive exposure. Organize, manage and oversee community meetups and any other local events,which the company may decide to organize from time to time, ensuring proper community outreach and media and PR coverage; Manage the local online/offline Crypto.com communities and channels; Moderate the local forums, social platforms and chat groups and interact with thecommunity to increase positive engagement; Ensure community acquisition and growth through reinforcing a positive image of the company; Explore new community-friendly platforms to facilitate the expansion of Crypto.com\u2019s local user base and influence; Assist with the engagement of local partners - KOLs, PR agencies, marketing agencies, youtube channel owners, local crypto businesses, credit institutions, local associations, educational, regulatory and governmental bodies and etc. Help with delivering local language content - including translations and proofreading; Provide feedback to Management of the company and suggest improvements in order to increase engagement and market share in the region; Stay on top of the local and international crypto trends and news. Requirements: Minimum of 1-3 years of professional PR or media experience; Multilingual ability with Native level proficiency in local European language and business level proficiency in English; Previous experience with media and PR relationship management; Proven community management experience, preferably in crypto; Familiarity with online platforms such as Telegram, Twitter, Facebook, Medium, Instagram, LinkedIn, YouTube, etc. Strong crypto knowledge. Conditions: Competitive salary; International team; Great development opportunities; ",
    "Url": "https://it.linkedin.com/jobs/view/community-management-global-fintech-startup-at-crypto-com-1715857768?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Crypto.com hiring Community Management - Global Fintech Startup in Italy | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
