{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " We at Clearmatics are looking for an experienced front-end developer on a 3 month contract to produce intuitive, interactive applications that integrate with our software. The role will involve building client-side web applications integrating our Blockchain applications and translating it into usable, attractive and functional user interfaces. If you are an enthusiastic self-starter with a keen eye for intuitive design, we'd like to speak with you! Our ideal candidate would be an individual that has had exposure to creating interfaces around Ethereum and is able to work independently and efficiently as well as integrate well with our team. About Clearmatics: At Clearmatics, we are tackling the hard problems in the Blockchain space. The team is working in an area of rapid innovation and has a strong Open Source ethos. We have implemented a thoroughly researched privacy solution involving Stealth Addresses and Ring Signatures and are currently working on how to interoperate Ethereum based chains without an intermediary. Other areas of current research include zkSNARKs, multiparty computation, private transactions/assets), protocol design (e.g. proof relays/pegs), formally verified smart contracts, and type-safe and performant distributed virtual machine architectures. Things we value: - Self-learning and sharing of knowledge - Collaboration, both verbally and in code - Honesty and the humility to say \"I don't understand this\" - Making evidence-based decisions - The ability to explore new areas in the field - Show me the thing How we work: - A single cross-functional Agile team - Bi-weekly sprints - Weekly retrospectives - Weekly estimation sessions - Monthly releases - What we believe in We share a belief that Blockchain technologies have the potential to disrupt well-established industries, reduce corruption and automate many cost-intensive processes. We realise though, that the industry is still young and that there are many hard problems to solve. This element of the unknown fuels the Engineering team at Clearmatics. Front-End Developer Responsibilities Include: - Using appropriate frameworks and libraries to create user-friendly applications - Provide design opinions in both graphic design and user journeys - Produce demonstrable prototypes - Collaborate with our engineers to iterate application development - Build applications for deployment - Maintenance of deployed applications - Write detailed documentation Requirements: - 2+ years of commercial experience in web application development - Experience in markup and stylesheet languages - Experience with JavaScript - Experience with modern application frameworks (Angular/React/Vue etc.) - Understanding of UX concepts - Experience in user testing, personas and user story creation - Corporate/Financial UI development - Experience with web3 and Solidity - Familiarity with browser testing and debugging - In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) - An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment - Excellent analytical and multitasking skills - Experience with git and code/repository management Skills web3, solidity, UX, UI, Angular, React.js, Javascript, Compensation Competitive ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/front-end-blockchain-developer-at-clearmatics",
    "Title": "Front-End Blockchain Developer Job at Clearmatics",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
