{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " ExxonMobil is the largest publicly traded energy company in the world. We are known for our integrity, technological leadership and world-class workforce. Our best known brands are: Exxon, Esso, and Mobil. We are part of your daily life without you even realizing it! Established in 2004, a diverse, multinational and friendly environment is what you will discover in ExxonMobil Czech Republic with 1200+ employees from over 80 countries. Great opportunities for personal and professional career development via job-rotations, trainings, free language courses and collaboration on international projects await you. Proudly awarded as LGBT Friendly and Top Responsible Company for Women in 2019. Come and pursue a career in Fuels & Lubricants (F&L) department. The leader in finished lubricants, asphalts, specialty products and base stocks. As a\u2026 DEDICATED CUSTOMER PROFESSIONAL with Turkish In our Prague office, you will become one of the primary faces of F&L to our customers. You will manage the Order to Cash process in coordination with a number of connected functions. Our teams handle everything from setting up customers in our systems, order placing and follow up with our delivering locations worldwide, customers\u2019 communication, billing, payment collection and bookings to customer accounts. You Will Act as a central point for all relevant functions, such as supply chain, logistics, manufacturing, sales and external partners Be responsible for your customer portfolio from order placement until the delivery has been made Support and troubleshoot mainly logistic issues of your customers Build strong relationships with your own portfolio of customers Active communication with different departments (Customers, Sales, Sales Operations, Internal CS contacts, Operations, Treasurer's Credit, Controllers) Use systems like SAP and CRM on daily basis Use email as the primary way of communication with customers (just 20% of your time will be on the phone) Meet your customers' sporadically Have constant trainings and team meetings Be involved in various company projects (around 10% of your time) Your Profile At least a High School diploma Fluent English and Turkish (written and spoken) Customer Focus, attention to details, prioritization skills, be a great teammate with the ability to work independently Good Issue Diagnosis and Resolution skills Ability to work in multinational environment and to balance strategic and operational aspects of role Proficiency in Microsoft Office Experience with SAP and Work experience in customer service is an advantage This awaits you\u2026 A wide range of benefits including an annual bonus, flexible working hours, home-office, lunch allowance, Multisport card, programs for parents, wellness programs (e.g. free in-house massages, fit-stops, refreshments), short-term and long-term savings plan with employee and company contribution, 25 vacation days plus floating days for bank holidays, relocation assistance for candidates from abroad and much more! To find out more about our company culture and our offices in Prague please visit us on or chat 24/7 with our WE are looking forward to YOUR application!!! Nothing in this material is intended to override the corporate separateness of local entities. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include, but are not limited to, ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso and Mobil. For convenience and simplicity in this Site, those terms and terms like corporation, company, our, we and its are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Similarly, ExxonMobil has business relationships with thousands of customers, suppliers, governments, and others. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer, and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. ",
    "Url": "https://cz.linkedin.com/jobs/view/dedicated-customer-professional-with-turkish-at-exxonmobil-1709329703?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "ExxonMobil hiring Dedicated Customer Professional with Turkish in Prague, CZ | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
