{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " ? ? Role Summary: ? This is a product owner role in agile teams for managing sprint prioritization, execution, provide business/ product owner view points and report on progress. The ideal candidate will have strong agile development management experience as a product owner and domain experience in Auto finance or related areas such as retail banking or lending. The ideal candidate will be a techno functional person with proven consulting skills who will lead or support client consulting engagements. Desirable experience areas - blockchain/ AIML and allied technology/ process consulting in Fintech Banking Domain practice team. ? Experience Summary: The ideal candidate will have 8 - 14 years of experience in business and technology transformation consulting role or business process improvement and change management role. 3 - 6 years\u2019 experience in agile product development as a product owner, any experience in one of the following \u201cfocus domains\u201d \u2013 auto finance or retail lending or retail banking. At least 3-5 years of consulting experience is desirable. Ideal candidate will also have technical capabilities in implementation of business process management (BPM) and associated tools/ commercial products. Responsibilities: Product development - Mandatory Engage with business and technical stakeholders to decide on sprint backlog, priorities, and goals. Work very closely with business stakeholders and tech teams on prioritization of stories, sprint roadmap, associated trade off\u2019s, etc. Provide business inputs and viewpoints in managing the sprint execution process. Articulate business requirements as user stories or other formats as required for agile development teams. Process consulting \u2013 desirable/ optional Develop roadmap for business/ operations/ process transformations and guide implementation of associated change management in organization/ technology. Define processes for compliance/ control/ escalations in operations, SLA/KPI\u2019s, measurement techniques, governance procedures, etc. Depending on type of process (creative, rule based, judgement based, data intensive, labor intensive, etc.), employ various techniques such as LEAN, Six Sigma, Design Thinking and Customer Journey Mapping, Data Science, etc. to develop target state process optimizations Document process specifications in BPM tools such as ARIS, IBM BPM, etc. as needed. General responsibilities - Mandatory Manage client relationships and build network of contacts in business and tech to penetrate further in consulting/ domain-led transformation. Establish personal credibility and develop relationships with clients to be able to engage with them on future business/ operating/ technology strategies and related discussions. Interact with management and business stakeholders in analyzing current and target state processes to meet business needs. Facilitate workshops, gather requirements from SME\u2019s and develop deliverable documents such as business cases, process flows, business rules, knowledge representations, taxonomy/ data models, ontology/ dictionaries, etc.) Lead client consulting engagements and mentor junior consultants and other technical staff in the project as needed. Skills and knowledge - Mandatory Indepth domain knowledge in one of the focus domains listed earlier. Agile development process and best practice knowledge/ skills. Passion for excellence in operations, processes, and systems Excellent consulting, problem solving, creative thinking, verbal and written communication skills Ability to deal with ambiguity, uncertainty and come up with alternative solutions Ability to handle multiple and often conflicting priorities Excellent client facing, people and conflict handling skills Ability to communicate with executive/ CxO level stakeholders Assume operational responsibility and accountability for consulting assignments and extended delivery teams when needed Strong computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft (MS Visio, Advanced MS Excel \u2013 including macros, logic functions, solver, etc., MS PowerPoint) and Google office apps (docs, sheets, etc.) Qualifications and other requirements At least 4-year college degree in financial/ engineering/ related disciplines MBA Preferred ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/product-owner-auto-loan-at-wipro-limited-1744104119?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Wipro Limited hiring Product Owner- Auto Loan in Plano, Texas, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
