{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Job Description Great opportunity to join a leader in the fintech industry. This is an exciting role to work with a high performing team, and drive growth and innovation across our multiple business lines. As a key contributor within the Corporate Strategy team, you will participate in strategic discussions with our business leaders, develop deep insights into our businesses and enable the next leg of transformation for Broadridge. This role offers strong opportunities for professional advancement through ongoing learning and skill-set development, as well as becoming a key resource for our senior management. Responsibilities You will work with the SVP of Corporate Strategy and Business Unit (BU) presidents to drive growth at Broadridge. Specific responsibilities include: You will support and drive ongoing strategies that lead to a compelling portfolio of corporate growth opportunities for Broadridge. Collaborate with the Business Units (BU) to translate strategies into targeted actions and programs that result in growth. Partner with the BUs to formulate and advance ongoing strategies and plans that lead to opportunities at the BU level. Help translate those opportunities into tangible growth and earnings. You will drive key critical initiatives at the corporate and BU levels which support growth (e.g., business building, product management, pricing and operations), including, potentially, championing specific acquisition opportunities. You will play a central role in identifying innovative technologies with the potential to impact our businesses and help with crafting solutions that enable Broadridge to leverage these technologies for next-generation product development Drive the execution of strategies that grow revenue through acquisitions and partnerships. Work with internal partners to incubate new ideas for strategic investments. You will build and maintain broad-based relationships with business unit and corporate senior management and with industry and professional networks to assist in development initiatives. Will lead and deliver other key projects as requested. Ideal Experience You will possess strategy consulting or investment banking experience in an intense work environment ideally gained within a blue chip firm. Experience in the financial services sector in the institutional segments of the business, especially with technology is a plus. Experience in a dynamic setting; passionate about the potential strategic options facing Broadridge. Experience working in the context of a large, complex, global organization where working across boundaries, developing strong interpersonal relationships, and leading through influence are keys to success. Given the hands-on, growth oriented nature of the role, a passion for technology entrepreneurship, innovation, lean start-up principles, Blockchain, AI/RPA, digital content and big data would be a huge plus. 2-4 years of experience. Corporate Accounting and/or FP&A experience a plus. Position is based in NYC with frequent travel to Broadridge offices in the NYC metropolitan area. Excellent academic background. No Agency Solicitation Please Additional Information Broadridge is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other protected status. \"Our Associates Matter. Everyone Benefits from Diversity & Inclusion. Diverse & Inclusive Teams Drive Growth.\" US applicants: Click here to view the \"EEO is the Law\" poster. ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sr-manager-corporate-strategy-jr1010788-at-broadridge-1573196337?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Broadridge hiring Sr. Manager, Corporate Strategy (JR1010788) in New York City, NY, US | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
