{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Posted by: Raj Rajkotia Raj Rajkotia Technology Executive, Advisor and Investor NextGenTM (Tech+Media) https://nextgentm.com/about.html We are a growing team of innovators\u2014engineers, gamers, and designers. NextGenTM helps companies scale and grow their businesses through precision technology outsourcing and marketing services.? Our key focus is on the gaming and other industries, looking to transform their businesses by use of next generation technologies such as blockchain, artificial intelligence, esports, marketing that leads to gamification and innovative ways to monetize from your customers.? We transform your customer to \u201craving fans\u201d by these personalized and targeted services. We have a brand new software development center and in state of the art facility in Mumbai, Neelkanth IT Park, Vidyavihar - West, with a goal to scale and support our growing business.? ? Job Description We are looking for an experienced Backend Engineer. We are looking for engineers who express themselves deeply and speak clearly. Working on early-stage products excites you and you love collaborating with the product team to find the best solutions for the product - this is a team game that we can only win together. If you are passionate about gaming, Esports and working with the latest technologies, you will have a blast working at NextGenTM. You will be: - Shipping features on the backend on a daily level? - Planning and collaborating on features with product managers, designers and engineers? - Writing technical specifications and doing code reviews What we expect: - Team player? - Experience with designing and implementing backends for scalable web applications - Minimum 4 years of experience as Backend Developer required - Minimum 2 years of experience with Node.js (Javascript and/or Typescript) - Experience working with Linux, basic Bash scripting knowledge - Good knowledge of relational databases?and SQL - Experience with designing and working with APIs? - You know your way around Git? - You are motivated, self-driven and lead by example? - Excellent communication skills (English is a must)? - Strong analytical thinking and comfortable with decision making? - Curious by nature and want to know how things work from a product perspective? - You are comfortable working and jumping in wherever is needed BONUS POINTS: - Experience with PostgreSQL relational database? - Experience working with Docker?? - Experience with any message queue system?? - Experience with Redis?? - Understanding how Web Sockets work? - Worked in a startup environment before? - You are passionate about games Skills Javascript, Node.js, Databases, PostgreSQL, Github, REST APIs, Websockets, TypeScript, Message queue, Redis You get: - A chance to work with one of the hottest companies in esports and blockchain space? - Work as part of a talented, successful team? - Opportunity to lead and build your team? Don\u2019t forget to include these in your application:? - Link to Github or StackOverflow account if you have them? - CV and LinkedIn with links to projects? - Tell us what excites you the most about this role in a few sentences We are looking forward to hearing from you! ",
    "Url": "https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sr-backend-developer-at-nextgentm-1714291146?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "NextGenTM hiring Sr. Backend Developer in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
