{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is looking for a Public Policy Manager, Blockchain Latam to join a team working on payments and blockchain policy development. The successful candidate will work closely with the global team, and support a cross-functional team working on the new initiative. The ideal candidate will have expertise in emerging payments, commerce, blockchain, digital identity, cryptocurrency, and related policy issues, as well as experience working on technology policy issues generally in the region. In this role, you will have the opportunity to be on the leading edge of policy development. Candidates should be dedicated, detail-oriented, creative, resourceful, analytical, and knowledgeable about emerging digital payments issues, blockchain regulatory issues, have strong presenting skills, and have experience in developing and executing high-profile technology, corporate and/or political campaign efforts. Candidates should be comfortable meeting high expectations under quick deadlines and prepared to lead, direct and execute in order to get work done well and fast. This is a full-time position located in our Mexico City office. 20% travel will be required. Responsibilities Work closely with a highly cross-functional team to lead blockchain policy work in the region Identify and analyze policy risks and opportunities, trends, and issues and share learnings with all teams involved across the company as you work with them in planning, analyzing, and responding strategically to related legislative and regulatory initiatives, and as you work to shape policy across the region Provide feedback on the potential impact of our policies, products, and features, to ensure policy issues are appropriately considered in their development, and assist with landing of the same among policymakers, thought leaders, advocates, and civil society in the region Assist in the development, maintenance, and deepening of relationships with NGOs, academic experts and other stakeholders to cultivate expert resources and third party engagement needed by public policy, programs, communications, and other teams throughout Facebook Present at select major events and related meetings with policy stakeholders, as needed to communicate Facebook\u2019s efforts in the space Minimum Qualification Bachelor degree in Public Policy, Law, Economics, or related field 5+ years of public policy experience 3+ years of financial services regulatory experience Analytical, problem-solving, and cross-functional management experience Project management experience Bi or multilingual with Spanish,Portuguese Experience working in the region Preferred Qualification 2+ years of blockchain-related policy experience International policy experience Advanced degree in Public Policy, Law, Economics, or related field Experience in technology-related policy issues ",
    "Url": "https://mx.linkedin.com/jobs/view/public-policy-manager-blockchain-latam-at-facebook-1673643896?refId=2f5d3649-b533-40a1-8dda-b8b2750acc8c&position=22&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Facebook hiring Public Policy Manager, Blockchain (LATAM) in Mexico City, MX | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
