{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " We are looking for a community manager that can build communities from scratch, in short periods of time, under pressure. This role would suit a highly social person that feels comfortable answering community questions, engaging the community and promoting client projects. The ideal candidate will feel confident building telegram groups, producing community updates across social media platforms, while maintaining community engagement through sites such as Bitcointalk and Reddit. The Community Manager is responsible for: 1. Providing community updates across Telegram, Facebook, Twitter, Steemit 2. Leading discussion threads on Bitcointalk 3. Onboarding ICO participants and answering queries 4. Proactively provoking conversation across channels to engage community 5. Answer and respond to email requests from potential clients and partners 6. Build and lead local offline community groups 7. Attend blockchain events/meetups etc 8. Identifying an area/s you can add value to across the organisation outside of communities managements We hope you: 1. Have near-native written English, and good English speaking ability 2. Are willing to learn new things fast and are not afraid of asking questions 3. Prior experience managing social media communities or client service is a PLUS 4. Experience and general knowledge of ICO and cryptocurrency communities is a BIG PLUS 5. Must be results-driven/hard working/capable of working in a remote team - trustworthy You can also send your CV to: [email\u00c2\u00a0protected] Thank you! About Blockchain Reserve https://www.blockchainreserve.co.uk We are building the Goldman Sachs of crypto - Investment Banking 2.0! Blockchain Reserve (London based) is a token issuance advisory firm, offering complete support through the entire process of raising contributions through tokens, whilst spreading knowledge, ethics and governance in the sector. We have a small team with several offices across the world, and work with best-in-class entrepreneurs to raise funds in a legal, ethical way. Underlining their commitment, 51% of Blockchain Reserve is legally pledged to charity. We are here to make a difference in our small way. Skills community management, customer service, social media, blockchain, CryptoCurrency, startups, english Compensation 500-800USD/month ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/community-builder-manager-at-blockchain-reserve",
    "Title": "Community Builder/Manager Job at Blockchain Reserve",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
