{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " This role will be part of a critical group growth hacking team leading the charge in aggressively growing acquisitions and activations in the areas of Proptech, FinTech, AI and future growth areas. Growth researchers provide intelligence on the market, technology and business trends to ensure specific business metric or a commercial goal are achieved. Job Responsibilities: Research on new technological areas and new use cases around key growth areas identified. Recommends ways to apply new products and solutions that will maximize their value to the organization. Provide regular market updates and alert business units on potential business disruptions and recommend business/product/marketing strategies Provide business units withmacroeconomic, market trends, competitive intelligence, and best practice sharing in the industries Conduct project-based analysis that deep dive into specific business areas and provide recommendations Identify and consolidate information from?market intelligence and translate into actionable insights. Identify opportunities to improve processes and strategies with technology solutions Requirements: Bachelor degree or higher, majoring in computer science, mathematics, IT, engineering, actuarial or finance. Two (2) to five (5) years of experience in business intelligence, data analytics or marketing analytics, especially in the areas of either (a) digital finance, FinTech & blockchain or (b) artificial intelligence & IoT. Big data knowledge by applying machine learning & statistical methodologies related to quantitative data analytics. Comfortable structuring and synthesizing large volumes of data with high attributes/variables. Strong story-telling, strategic and big picture thinking, with business acumen. Analytical, independent, interpersonal, proactive, curious, multi-task, and detail-oriented, with problem-solving skills to perform under tight timeline Good command of English, both written and spoken. Proficiency in Mandarin will be preferred.?? ",
    "Url": "https://my.linkedin.com/jobs/view/growth-marketing-and-researcher-at-green-packet-berhad-1726457608?refId=52059a4c-7e80-4f1a-9159-8734f2813c89&position=11&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Green Packet Berhad hiring Growth Marketing and Researcher in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
