{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Posted by: Tom Lau Tom Lau Director of Talent Acquisition at CRYPTO.com - Blockchain / Fintect / Startup About Crypto.com Crypto.com, the pioneering payments and cryptocurrency platform, formerly known as Monaco, seeks to accelerate the world\u2019s transition to cryptocurrency. Its MCO branded consumer financial services, including the MCO Visa Card, MCO Wallet app, and MCO Token embrace a vision of Cryptocurrency in Every Wallet?. Crypto.com is headquartered in Hong Kong. For more information, please visit: www.crypto.com About the role We are seeking a Marketing Specialist, CRM to ensure smooth execution of cross-channel communications, with a focus on nurturing customer relationships. The Marketing Specialist will also drive engagement by proposing new, relevant campaign ideas. This role is intended to facilitate and improve the engagement efforts of product, strategy, and marketing teams at Crypto.com.? Responsibilities Propose, design, and launch CRM campaigns in collaboration with Product, Marketing, and Compliance teams.? Drive engagement and propose new relevant campaigns. If you\u2019re feeling creative, feel free to put that hat on and make your communication ideas come to life! Collaborate with Analytics and Product teams to visualise and make sense of data with business objectives and product funnels in mind Work closely with the Marketing team to ensure consistency of communication in campaigns Execute A/B tests and own analysis of results to ensure maximum impact and effectiveness Establish workflows and standards for entering data into CRM platform Establish best practices and standards for executing cross-channel and single-channel campaigns Assess and improve the usage of CRM platform, and automate daily tasks Customise and pull engagement and marketing reports from the CRM, and analyse reports to determine what kind of customer trends the business should respond to Troubleshoot user or software errors that affect the efficiency of the interaction between people and technology Requirements Bachelor\u2019s degree in relevant field Excellent command of English, both written and verbally Proven experience with CRM software (like Braze, Hubspot, Zoho, Marketo, SugarCRM, SendGrid or similar) 2+ years of work experience in a field related to one or more of the following: e-commerce, finance, fintech, digital marketing, loyalty programmes, product marketing, mobile apps Experience in copywriting and/or design is a plus Knowledge in B2C and B2B communications experience is a plus Strong understanding of investors and investment products Proficiency with HTML, CSS, SQL, Python, and other programming languages where relevant A strong eye for detail and precision Benefits We offer an attractive compensation package working in a cutting-edge field of Fintech. Flat team. Work side by side with the co-founding team Huge responsibilities from Day 1. Be the owner of your own learning curve. The possibilities are limitless and depend on you You get to work in a very dynamic environment and be part of an international team ",
    "Url": "https://hk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/marketing-specialist-crm-global-fintech-startup-at-crypto-com-1654203009?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Crypto.com hiring Marketing Specialist, CRM - Global Fintech startup in Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
