{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Posted by: Margot Alberola Margot Alberola Human Resources Recruiting Assistant IOV Labs IOVlabs builds low-cost, highly secure, easy-to-use platforms for the new global economy. Harnessing the benefits of Bitcoin with a suite of tools to create and protect growth, we\u2019re planting the seeds for global financial freedom. RSK, the first smart contract platform secured by the Bitcoin network, is transforming the way businesses are conceived, designed, and built. Its complementary platform, RIF OS, takes these technologies to scale, simplifying the use of decentralized infrastructure for any traditional or Blockchain developer, organization, or innovator IOV Labs purpose is to build a world where everyone has the chance to participate in a new economy joining the Internet of Value revolution. Join our team to be part of the next technology revolution and help us build a world with equal opportunities to all. We are looking for open-minded, passionate, analytical, and hard-working developers with interest in cryptocurrencies and the blockchain ecosystem to join a highly qualified team of technical excellence for one of the most challenging projects in the Bitcoin and FinTech industry worldwide. Our Innovation/Applied Research Team seeks to incorporate experienced developers who: Want to put their theoretical computer knowledge into practice, from writing complex data structures to designing critical algorithms for network performance. Enjoy writing code but also and formally analyzing algorithms and protocols As part of the Innovation/Applied Research Team you may have the following responsibilities: Analyze blockchain designs and code from the security perspective and find design vulnerabilities Design, evaluate, use, and produce PoC implementations for blockchain technologies Make sound recommendations based on research findings and product performance Write research reports, blog posts and scientific papers Give oral presentations on key blockchain technologies in fluent English Experience & Skills Required Requires bachelor\u2019s degree in area of specialty, such as math or computer science Senior-level programming skills in one procedural language Fluent written and oral English Willing to work in a fast paced and highly agile environment Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Other Desired Skills Subject matter expertise in blockchain and related technologies (computer privacy, computer security, cryptography, number theory, distributed systems, algorithm complexity, data structures, game theory, statistics, economics) Superior analytical skills, applying conceptual models, recognizing patterns while drawing and defending conclusions. Strong knowledge and passion for FinTech and financial services, Bitcoin, RSK & Ethereum, willing to work in this fast-moving environment. Location Based preferently in Montevideo, Uruguay or anywhere else in the world as we are a Global Organization. ",
    "Url": "https://ar.linkedin.com/jobs/view/researcher-developer-at-iov-labs-1702058348?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "IOV Labs hiring Researcher Developer in Saladillo, Buenos Aires, Argentina | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
