{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team working on our Blockchain Exchange. customer support team and ensuring the best experience possible for all customers using the Blockchain Exchange. Reporting to the Customer Success Lead, you are on the front line engaging with a growing community of users across Blockchain\u2019s portfolio of products.You will resolve customer contacts specific to our trading platform on Livechat, Zendesk and social media. This position will require flexible working hours and you will be required to work some evenings and weekends.The suitable candidate for this role must be able to fluently communicate in the English, other business functional languages are highly desirable, especially Russian & Turkish. ? WHAT YOU WILL DO: ? Resolve incoming questions from Blockchain Exchange customers via Live Chat, Tickets and Emails. ? Review deposits & withdrawals within the exchange and approve or escalate as needed. ? Act as a bridge between our user operations, product, compliance, and engineering teams on product issues and bug resolution. ? Monitor social media channels on Twitter/Reddit and Facebook and make sure users receive prompt and amazing customer service. ? Support community and marketing efforts in the blockchain technology scene. ? WHAT YOU WILL NEED: ? The foremost quality for this position or any position at Blockchain is integrity. ? Strong English written skills, this role is Live Chat heavy and as such you will need to be able to quickly communicate with customers over Chat in English. ? Experience with customer or technical support, a plus if you\u2019ve used ZenDesk before. ? Experience with Live Chat systems is a plus ? Experience with trading platforms is a plus (Ability to quickly learn is critical for this role) ? Knowledge of cryptocurrencies is a plus (Ability to quickly learn is critical for this role) ? Passion for creating a positive user experience that is responsive and organized. ? Must be able to work in a fast-paced, diverse work environment with great follow through on tasks. ? Must be flexible and a team player. ? Ability to work one weekend day (with one weekday off) ? Fluent English. Other business functional languages are highly desirable, especially Russian & Turkish. ? COMPENSATION & PERKS: ? Amazing and accessible office location in Vilnius ? Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it. ? Access to training and other resources as needed. ? Catered team lunch every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. ? Full-time salary based on experience. APPLICATION: ? Favorite GIF. ? LinkedIn profile. ? Link to personal website and/or blog (if applicable). ",
    "Url": "https://lt.linkedin.com/jobs/view/customer-success-associate-live-chat-at-blockchain-com-1737480811?refId=062ec1af-ab83-4943-a75a-a303fdc19a0c&position=4&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Blockchain.com hiring Customer Success Associate (Live Chat) in Vilnius, Vilniaus, Lithuania | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
