{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Job Type: Permanent Primary Location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada All Available Locations: Toronto Enjoy flexible, proactive, and practical benefits that foster a culture of well-being and connectedness. Experience a firm where wellness matters. Be expected to share your ideas and to make them a reality. What will your typical day look like? The I&A Consultant will support the Deloitte Global Innovation Strategic Growth Offerings (SGO) in the shaping, piloting, and commercialization of specific offerings. Responsibilities include: Working with the global businesses to own emerging business issues that address clients\u2019 needs across the future value chain Evaluate and advise on transformative opportunities to generate revenue across global business platforms Engage clients and ecosystem partners in market validation to acid test messaging, demand, business models, monetization strategies, and pricing Develop functional architecture design and contribute to product vision Contribute to user interface and user experience design in collaboration with professional experts Develop thinking on efficient product design, design trade-offs, and commercial feasibility Help establish and drive adoption through impact tracking (global revenue, clients activated, adoption rate, sales, pipeline, etc.) across global businesses and member firms and gather/report on a regular basis Assisting in internal marketing and sales pursuits of assets within target member firms and identified markets People Management Work with key strategy stakeholder groups (e.g., member firms, business innovation leaders and teams) to develop cross-functional relationships Collaborate with product owners in the business and end users Work with peers and counterparts in other parts of the Deloitte network Knowledge Sharing / Documentation Provide ongoing support to the team\u2019s Managers, Senior Managers, Managing Director, and Chief Innovation Officer Work with senior leaders across businesses, geographies, and industries Contribute to the success of the team by ensuring work quality of the highest level About The Team Deloitte Global Culture: At Deloitte, we expect results. Incredible\u2014tangible\u2014results. And Deloitte Global professionals play a unique role in delivering those results. We reach across disciplines and borders to serve our global organization. We are the engine of Deloitte. We develop and lead global strategies and provide programs and services that unite our network. In Deloitte Global, everyone has an opportunity to lead. We see the importance of your perspective and your ability to create value. We want you to fit in\u2014with an inclusive culture, focus on work-life fit and well-being, and a supportive, connected environment; but we also want you to stand out\u2014with opportunities to have a strategic impact, innovate, and take the risks necessary to make your mark. Deloitte Global supports our talented professionals in answering the question: What impact will you make? In Deloitte Global Strategy & Innovation, we make an impact by creating cutting-edge market-ready solutions for our Deloitte organization. We offer pioneering technology and methodology practices that reshape our environments, businesses, and connect people in fresh and exciting ways. Enough About Us, Let\u2019s Talk About You You are someone with: Outstanding academic background MBA from a top tier program (optional) Minimum of 2 years of experience in one of the following: Commercial consulting S&O experience Global technology deployment of an innovative solution Marketing function for a global organization (technology-enabled company a plus) Top digital product development companies in digital enterprise product design, development and deployment Outstanding analytical, organization, communication, and presentation skills (superior PowerPoint and Excel skills required) Outstanding stakeholder management skills and the ability to develop relationships and conduct business conversations with cross-functional leadership Ability to manage clients, complex projects, drive business requirement gathering, manage scope and client expectations Ability to understand technical conversations and translate into business impact, with a general understanding of innovative technology landscape (Artificial Intelligence, Virtual Reality, IOT, etc.) Excellent attention to detail Able to concurrently manage multiple workstreams with varying degrees of complexity and shift priorities quickly without compromising deliverable quality Comfortable with ambiguity Familiar with working in a virtual environment Strong initiative and entrepreneurial thinking, with ability to be self-directed and contribute intellectually to deliverables Proactive and results-oriented player who wants to help build a high-performance team Team player who can work in a small team environment Comfortable working in a global, matrixed environment High degree of patience for working through multiple iterations of work, and changing priorities Diplomacy, poise, maturity and empathy are all key attributes for success Ability to work well under pressure and act in utmost confidentiality with sensitive leadership information Exceptional communication and presentation skills, with the ability to work effectively with and influence senior leaders High degree of comfort working in an unstructured environment that requires solving complex, open-ended issues with incomplete data and varying degrees of direction Excellent strategic thinking skills in addition to ability to execute on the details High interest in, or passionate about innovative technologies e.g., cognitive/artificial intelligence or blockchain a plus Why Deloitte? Launch your career with The One Firm where you can make an impact that matters in a way that you never thought possible. With endless opportunities at every turn, and a culture built to support and develop our people to be the very best they can be, Deloitte is The One Firm for you to learn, grow, create, connect, and lead. We do this by making three commitments to you: You will lead at every level: We grow the world\u2019s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. The next step is yours Sound like The One Firm. For You? At Deloitte we are all about doing business inclusively \u2013 that starts with having diverse colleagues of all abilities! We encourage you to connect with us at accessiblecareers@deloitte.ca if you require an accommodation in the recruitment process, or need this job posting in an alternative format. We\u2019d love to hear from you! By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. We\u2019ve designed these standards to provide our clients with a consistent and exceptional Deloitte experience globally. ",
    "Url": "https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/i-a-consultant-deloitte-global-strategy-innovation-at-deloitte-canada-1598157951?refId=e72c10fb-954e-4b01-8c99-92d835efebce&position=12&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Deloitte Canada hiring I&A Consultant, Deloitte Global Strategy & Innovation in Toronto, CA | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
