{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Overview Of Emerging & Growth Our software engineers and technical architects get to build cool software systems. We\u2019re combining technology, industry expertise, and entrepreneurial experience to massively disrupt our clients\u2019 core businesses, in order to propel them into the future and create better products and experiences for everyone. Our team is deeply hands-on, highly technical lead-from-the-front technology thought leaders. We are solving some of the hardest problems in enterprise technology and transforming and disrupting established industries. We\u2019re doing this by leveraging the power of new architectures and technologies, and developing capabilities in intelligent automation, blockchain, extended reality, quantum computing, digital decoupling, application security, delivery innovation, no-code/low-code systems, and radically human systems. Job Description Define world-class IT architectures Conduct architecture assessments and define solutions within a local market segment/group and/or single tower or offering Review and assess business structures in order to ensure the proper flow and functionality. Help bring to life the way systems talk with one another. Understand how to integrate the architecture with an enhanced customer experience to drive additional business. Support the assessment and definition of architect solutions. Implement world-class IT architectures Define, design, build, deliver and run the engagements, platform\u2019s and/or product\u2019s required architecture (i.e., development, operations, execution, data, application, etc.) Provide the work\u2019s technical conscience, defining and driving the right solution to meet the technical performance, scalability, flexibility, operations and capability needs Follow technology standards and use new emerging technologies Provide architecture Quality Assurance reviews for proposals and ongoing engagements Lead/support technology solutioning and estimating in proposals, planning and pricing Basic Qualifications Minimum 3 years\u2019 experience with at least one modern programming language; Java, Python, JavaScript. Minimum 2 years\u2019 experience designing and building software systems in one or more of the following areas: JVM or Node.js frameworks for service integration and application programming interface (API) development Data design and database configuration Continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) Functional and unit testing automation Infrastructure provisioning and configuration Bachelor\u2019s Degree \u2013 or equivalent work experience( 12 years) or an associates degree with 6 years\u2019 experience. Exceptions will be considered. Ability to travel 100%. Preferred Skills: 6+ months of hands-on experience with one or more blockchain platforms: R3 Corda, Hyperledger Fabric, DAML, Enterprise Ethereum: Configuring nodes in a distributed network. Developing and testing smart contracts. Key management. Project experience working with geographically distributed teams, particularly offshore engineering teams in Asia-Pacific. Project experience through all phases of a typical software development lifecycle (SDLC), preferably with agile methods like Scrum, Kanban, SAFe. Hands-on experience with Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, or Azure; namely choosing platform components and assembling application and runtime architecture. Hands-on experience with modern DevOps tools and workflows such as: Atlassian suite, GitHub, VSTS, Jenkins, Octopus deploy. Understanding of technical architecture concepts and methods, preferably with project experience in a technical architect capacity. Ability to formulate and articulate new points of view on emerging technologies, as demonstrated by internal or external thought leadership contributions (e.g. videos, whitepapers, conference presentations) Open source community participation and contributions. STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) majors preferred. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States with Accenture. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Accenture is a federal contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females / Minorities / Veterans / Individuals with Disabilities. Equal Employment Opportunity All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex,national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/emerging-growth-%E2%80%93-blockchain-technology-specialist-at-accenture-1680050337?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Accenture hiring Emerging & Growth \u2013 Blockchain Technology Specialist in Dallas, TX, US | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
