{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Upvest builds the financial infrastructure of tomorrow, powered by blockchain. We make it incredibly simple for every company to use the benefits of the blockchain via our APIs. Our team comes from all over the world (we sponsor visas) and we are based in Berlin, Germany. We look for ambitious doers that love to solve real world problems with the blockchain. We have a bold long-term view that is backed by Europe\u2019s largest tech VCs Notion Capital, Partech and Holtzbrinck Ventures. Join us if you are brave enough: Your work: Define and own the growth strategy including sales and marketing Identify and open up new lines of business within existing client organizations Craft pricing strategies that work for new and our existing customers Sign new prospects in existing and new verticals Own overall relationship with customers, identifying key stakeholders and building relationships with influencers Collaborate closely with Upvest\u2019s implementation team to ensure customer application launches are timely and successful Conduct customer health checks, identifying critical goals and key performance indicators to clearly understand and measure client satisfaction Provide consultative guidance and organize events on best practices for Upvest software adoption, product capabilities and potential application to customer\u2019s requirements Work with our engineering and product teams to translate customer feedback into product insights Your personal profile: 8+ years of experience in the financial services industry, preferably in fintech A strong business generalist with an acute product sense Able to quickly understand new technologies and complex concepts Demonstrated ability to communicate, present and influence credibly and effectively at all levels Passion for blockchain and its underlying concepts Desire to get (more) technical and the ability to learn the ins and outs of Upvest's APIs Interest in financial services and technical products; a high degree of intellectual curiosity Excitement to work in a high-growth environment and to help build processes and tools as needed Ability to work with all types of people and build long-lasting relationships Your package: Our salary package is typically above average You will co-own Upvest with company equity You will receive personal coaching sessions We have flat hierarchies, you can grow into any role Our cultural values: Think big: Know your north star. Be hungry. Never give up. Dig deep: Find the root cause of things. Be obsessed with it. Play fair: Build powerful partnerships, lasting relationships and long term value. Resourcefulness: Understand the concept of time. Find a solution. Own it: Be proactive. Lead by example. Unity: Supporting each other and working together with transparency in good and bad times. If interested, please apply here. ",
    "Url": "https://de.linkedin.com/jobs/view/vp-growth-m-f-x-berlin-at-upvest-1708397288?refId=8db6abae-0e74-4ff9-ab0a-7dd62456d4c6&position=4&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Upvest hiring VP Growth (m/f/x), Berlin in Berlin, Berlin, Germany | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
