{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Game Analyst at Forte Labs San Francisco, CA ?? About the Job At Forte, we\u2019re building an unprecedented set of easy-to-use tools and services for game developers to integrate blockchain technology into their games, and support thriving community-focused economies. To help ensure the games community at large will benefit from it for years to come, we\u2019re committed to progressively decentralizing our platform so it is free, open, and community-owned. ?? We\u2019ve designed our platform with versatility, flexibility, and interoperability in mind. This allows developers and players to reap the benefits of breakthrough community economics in games that are played, operated, and loved today, while also providing the foundation for the groundbreaking experiences of tomorrow.?? We believe blockchain will enable new economic and creative opportunities for gamers around the world, and have assembled a world-class team of veterans from across the games industry\u2014and a $100M developer fund\u2014to help make it happen. That\u2019s where you come in. ?? ---- As a Game Analyst, you will play a key role in the growth of the Forte platform.?? As part of a lean and ambitious organization, you will work cross-functionally with different teams to monitor, evaluate and optimize the performance of the entire portfolio of partner game titles, on an on-going basis.?? Your passion for gaming and analytical skills will enable you to dive deeply into individual games to identify opportunities which stand to improve both the player experience and developer outcomes. You are excited to gain exposure to a wide range of different problem spaces -- spanning game design, tech, blockchain, and economics. You are comfortable analyzing user, economic and feature data. Strong candidates possess exceptional business judgement and communication skills to deliver consistent, high quality outcomes. Requirements In this role, you will...?? Monitor the entire performance of the Forte portfolio of games Evaluate the performance of individual game titles on the platform, identifying macro player trends ?? Dive deeply into the ecosystems/economies of specific games to understand the behaviours of different user segments Based on macro trends and behaviours of key user segments, identify opportunities to improve the experience of players (in specific games and across the entire platform) Present data-driven insights and recommendation to internal/external stakeholders and the leadership team?? Partner with different teams - such as Product, Token Economics and Data - to build out the analytics infrastructure of Forte?? To be a good fit, you have\u2026 A passion for gaming: as a business and an entertainment product?? Proven ability to draw insights via thoughtful analysis of large user data sets Understanding of monetization/retention gaming systems coupled with curiosity to explore game data - in search of opportunities / issues?? Strong proficiency with multiple querying, visualization and dashboard tools Excellent verbal and written communication skills 2 - 5 years of applicable analytical work experience (BA/BS in Business, Math, Economics, Engineering or a related field) Bonus if you also have\u2026 Understanding of portfolio analysis & experience in financial modeling?? An understanding of the fundamentals of blockchain technology, developer platforms, game design, and / or token economics. And, if not, a strong desire to learn! Benefits We believe in treating people right to build a great team for the journey ahead. If there\u2019s something important to you that\u2019s not on this list, talk to us! :) Competitive compensation Remote and/or flexible work arrangements. We believe in bringing on the best people to our team, no matter where they are in the world A dynamic startup environment where you will constantly be challenged and exposed to new ideas Macbooks are our standard, but we\u2019re happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done About Forte Headquartered in San Francisco, Forte is developing blockchain technology platforms and products built for the games industry. By tackling hard technology problems behind the scenes, Forte is forging a more collaborative future between game developers, players and creators. The founding team of Forte is comprised of experts in game platform development, game design and publishing from leading companies such as Kabam, GarageGames, Unity, Linden Lab, and Gen.G Esports. ",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/game-analyst-san-francisco-ca-us-forte-labs/5d66503d-c204-4c25-b542-6d01bec7f59c",
    "Title": "Game Analyst job at Forte Labs | Monster.com",
    "Site": "monster"
}
