{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we\u2019re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other\u2019s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey! Role Do you have a passion for Distributed Ledger Technology and desire to work at a high growth company? Do you enjoy working in a startup but want to launch a product with a huge community of customers? In this position you will work at the intersection of DLT and Big Data on a small team building solutions for many customers. At Splunk, we invest heavily in innovation, and are currently seeking a Senior Software Engineer for our Blockchain and DLT team to join a smart, tight-knit development team. About You You have been developing software in the DLT space and realize the potential of this technology and Big Data. The ideal candidate will be able to leverage their creativity and expertise to implement robust, high-performing solutions and participate constructively in requirements analysis, as well as, design discussions. You have collaborated closely with product management, architects, front-end developers and QA. You take ownership and thrive when working with small teams to create something impactful together. Requirements You have knowledge of Distributed Ledger Technologies space with deep expertise in certain areas such as Ethereum/Quorum, Hyperledger frameworks, Interledger Protocols You have at least 1 year of experience designing, developing, and delivering Distributed Ledger/Blockchain technology software You have experience with smartcontracts and languages such as Solidity, Rust, Lisk You have 5+ years of relevant industry experience programming in one of the following languages C++, Java/JVM, Node.JS, Go, Python, Javascript You have experience working within a Continuous Delivery (CD) development model You can learn new technologies quickly and understand a wide variety of technical challenges to be solved You have expertise with developing and interfacing with thoughtfully designed REST APIsAdditional skills & experience we like to have You have worked with popular analysis platforms (Hadoop, Spark, Splunk, etc) You have developed solutions within cloud computing platforms (AWS, Azure etc) You have developed solutions within container orchestration systems (Google Container Engine, Docker, Kubernetes) You have at least 4 years of experience developing distributed applications You have experience developing applications using cloud based platforms You have strong background in cryptographyEducation Bachelors, Masters or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related fieldWhat We Offer You The opportunity to be a founding member of brand new capabilities and solutions integrated with DLT A set of exceptionally talented and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering and QA to product management and customer support. Growth and mentorship. We believe in growing engineers through ownership and leadership opportunities. We also believe mentors help both sides of the equation. A stable, collaborative and supportive work environment. We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/blockchain-engineer-at-splunk-1726992689?refId=9f81a9d6-ebdc-4918-a8fc-2c1d2fb34cc8",
    "Title": "Splunk hiring Blockchain Engineer in San Jose, CA, US | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
