{
    "Salary": "",
    "Location": "",
    "Date Posted": "",
    "Company name": "",
    "Body": " Simplify Workforce is an innovative startup in the workforce solutions industry. Well funded and?backed by a strong private individual investment Simplify Workforce is redefinining the future of talent ecosystem.? ? Simplify Workforce is creator of SimplifyVMS a new disruptive digital platform that helps enterprise clients manage their contingent workforce and SOW projects. The tool was developed in 2016 and has an ongoing roadmap to be a leader in the industry. It is cutting edge and intutive VMS platfrom whose goal is to change the way the industry utilizes and manages contingent labor. We also have various other software products/platforms in various development stages.? Simplify Workforce is looking for a few techology architects and senior developers for our Noida office in India with minimum 5-10 years hands on experience building cutting edge solutions with open source techologies. We are looking for a creative and innovative resources.? As an Architect or senior developer you will be responsible for owning the delivery goals for SimplifyVMS and other techology platforms. Strategic thinking and strong business acumen are essential in this role. We expect you to be hands on with various cutting edge open source techologies and a strong ability to?learn business concepts for this industry. Responsibilities include: Evaluating and implementing improvements to the current system for ongoing innovation and disruption in the industry.? Discover and implement new technologies that yield competitive advantage Developing the company\u2019s strategy for using technological resources Ensuring technologies are used efficiently, profitably and securely Lead and manage?global technology teams varying from 10-15 resources working on various modules.? Hire strategic talent Supervise system infrastructure to ensure functionality and efficiency Build quality assurance and data protection processes Monitor KPIs to assess technological performance Use stakeholders\u2019 feedback to inform necessary improvements and adjustments to technology Requirements Proven track record as a hands on technology architect with a techology product based company with minimum experience of 5-10 years.? Excellent client facing skills. Strong knowledge of system infrastructure and implementation using open source and relevant techologies. BSc/BA in Computer Science, Maths , Engineering or a related field; MBA or other relevant graduate degree is a plus Ability to conduct technological analyses and research Excellent communication, leadership and organizational abilities Aptitude for problem-solving and strategic thinking Our backend technology stack: Mysql, MongoDB Middleware skills: Python, NodeJS Front end technology stack required: Angular, JQuery, Bootstrap Additional skills required: Machine Learning, AI, Blockchain, High availability cloud architecture ? Attractive compensation plan offers?competitive base salary commensurate with experience and extremely lucrative bonus plan.?Growth opportunities are limitless for an employee who establishes credibility and demonstrates competency in this role. ",
    "Url": "https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/innovative-technology-architects-senior-developers-python-angular-ai-multiple-roles-at-simplify-workforce-1667469111?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Simplify Workforce hiring Innovative Technology Architects & Senior Developers- Python, Angular, AI - Multiple Roles in Noida Area, India | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
